although ibm is expected to introduce slightly faster versions of its mainframes this year , the machines will be five years old next year -- long in the tooth by mainframe standards -- and competitors are expected to bring out new products . ibm 's as/400 line , which has done spectacularly well in the first 15 months of its life , is seeing growth slow .
ford is building a stamping plant at wayne and adding a second shift of workers at hermosillo . the mexican plant currently builds only the tracer and will continue to build the mercury subcompact after it gets the escort line .
at & t 's last development agreement with a computer concern , sun microsystems inc. , eventually led to at & t taking a stake in that company . at & t forged the sun agreement to improve its own computer line .
but the sales increase came off relatively weak 1988 results and indicate a generally lackluster retailing environment likely to continue for the rest of 1989 , analysts said . in general , department and specialty stores fared better , because of some shift away from bigger ticket purchases such as automobiles to apparel lines .
a sale of the seven consumer brands would take away valuable robins assets . robins 's consumer products unit , which comprises the seven brands and a line of pet-care products , had operating profit of $ 52.7 million on sales of $ 267 million in 1986 .
ge is the 10th largest u.s. industrial company , and its $ 39.5 billion stock market value trails only international business machines and exxon . also , in an era that values stand-alone businesses and discounts conglomerates , ge has 14 major lines .
in 1985 , p & g posted its first annual earnings decline since 1952 -- a 29 % drop to $ 635 million . mainstay lines , such as toothpaste and diapers , were getting hammered by the competition crest 's market share alone fell to 30.5 % in 1985 from 40 % in 1977 ; pampers ' share dropped around 40 points to 33 % over roughly the same time .
judge pollack , who is known as a tough , brilliant jurist , agreed wednesday to do so . the altercation , witnessed by a long line of attorneys waiting to file court pleadings , lasted a minute or so , says a rather baffled mr. pomarico .
it has n't been very successful so far in getting orders for its telecommunications equipment , and last year it lost an important order for telephone switches in japan to northern telecom ltd. , the canadian telecommunications equipment company . separately , at & t said it is cutting prices between 12 % and 17 % on its pc 6300 personal computers , the second time it has cut prices on machines in that line in the last six months .
the 2200-600 models will be roughly twice as powerful as those of the 1100-90 models they replace , the executives said . that will make them the most powerful in the mainframe line that came from sperry corp. , which merged with burroughs corp. two years ago to form unisys .
someone on the battleship 's forecastle had seized it . megaphones shouted orders over the wind , and the heaving line ran steadily out to the battleship .
he waves his arm madly and points to the left . men in yellow slickers run on the afterdeck , carrying lines and tackle .
the maker of disk drive controllers would n't elaborate on the size of the expected loss , but a spokesman said the company does n't expect to have any future business with ibm . the parts the company used to supply to ibm are for machines that are being phased out in connection with the big computer maker 's recently introduced line of personal computers .
it turned out , too , that mr. biden really was n't the student at college and law school he had said he was . `` i exaggerate when i get angry , '' said the senator , in a line that would have sent h.l . mencken running for his trusty corona typewriter .
`` the way i always cast is , would i want to sit next to him in a bar ? `` he says . adds michael forman , a hollywood talent agent , `` we have models that ca n't for the life of them deliver a line . ''
revenue rose 16 % to $ 20.7 million from $ 17.8 million . the san diego-based distributor of women 's sportswear said the loss resulted from losses of $ 580,000 from the sale of marketable securities following black monday , as well as development costs for new private-label lines .
`` unfortunately , sales inducements are becoming a more practical part of the business . `` the gm incentives are in addition to discount leasing programs that the no . 1 auto maker offers on about 20 of its 1989 car and truck lines .
it moved its personal computer division into the same group as its older typewriter division , a sign that those two markets are converging . it also moved a slow-selling line of midrange computers into the same group as ibm 's core business the large mainframe computers that run most big companies ' and governments ' finances .
reebok 's chief financial officer attributed the activity to positive reaction to the company 's products at a sporting goods trade show over the weekend . `` some skepticism that might have existed about the company 's ability to keep ( growth ) going was removed by the positive response to our footwear and our apparel line , '' he said .
in last year 's second half , reebok 's net was about $ 83 million . the earnings decline also raised questions of whether reebok is losing even more ground to arch rival nike inc. reebok overtook nike in sales in 1986 but has recently seen nike 's air shoe line erode its market share , according to people familiar with reebok .
last year alone , audi lost an estimated $ 341 million in the u.s. even an infusion of several new models in the past year and a heavily marketed extended service warranty program have failed to halt the slide . while not subject to such jarring problems , the volkswagen line has seen its once-dominant position in the u.s. imported small-car market evaporate .
a somewhat smaller percentage of married couples complain that their mothers-in-law are too indifferent and disinterested in them . these represent the two sides of a very narrow line that a mother must walk as soon as her child marries .
ben hart , one of the two men in question , maintains that he started planning the royal gorge event in early march , well before the canadian attempt `` it was strictly coincidental . we had no idea about the edmonton line until it happened . ''
one analyst said he thought increasing competition in the market for 286-based computers was also behind the price cut . `` pricing pressure is really heating up in this area , '' said jim poyner , an analyst with rauscher pierce refsnes inc. mr. poyner predicted a few weeks ago in an investment report that compaq would have to cut prices because of aggressive price cutting by ibm . official prices of ibm 's lastest line of computers have n't changed since the machines were introduced april 2 , but mr. poyner believes ibm 's important direct sales force , which sells computers to large corporations , is offering bigger discounts .
the sale agreement is subject to the approval of both companies ' boards and is expected to be completed by may 1. as part of the transaction , avon will keep a minority interest in foster 's intravenous therapy line .
`` we think very highly of this , '' said roy d. burry , an analyst with kidder , peabody & co. `` these are both fairly low return businesses '' relative to american brands ' other lines .
it 'd been a nasty , cold , rainy day , and the rain was changing to sleet . the cap'n was staggerin ' around the slippery deck , but i did n't see the lad who usually tossed the lines .
terms were n't disclosed . telefonica nacional had operating revenue equivalent to $ 5.3 billion last year ; it has 10 million lines in service , with 15 million telephones in use , making spain 's system the ninth-largest in the world .
< p > @ mccormick & co. said it would abandon its proposed $ 56 million acquisition of the spice islands line of spices , herbs and vinegars from a unit of united biscuits plc after the federal trade commission authorized its staff to seek a preliminary injunction blocking the transaction .
keep the wind at your back . try for a smooth , easy launch , a steady climb , a steep angle of line without undue sag , an even flight , and a firm return to your hand .
the suit also asked for unspecified monetary damages . arthur albert , who runs alberts with his wife , said he has heard that a proposed `` talking '' cabbage patch line might also have nylon hair , and that he would expect royalty payments on that product , too .
laments over deteriorating standards of public courtesy are nearly as old as civilization , so perhaps those who feel besieged by rampant rudeness are simply responding to new forms of rudeness made possible by social and technological changes . the advent of large , self-service supermarkets and department stores has made it possible for the inconsiderate to wheel full shopping carts into express checkout lines .
despite such extravagance , he adds , at least some esprit stores are profitable . similar excesses got esprit into trouble with some department stores selling its line .
black & decker first approached american standard in november to negotiate a friendly merger . black & decker believes american standard 's plumbing and air-conditioning businesses are a logical extension of its consumer tool and appliance lines .
the fed can push down market interest rates through its so-called open market operations , by buying securities from banks and thus adding money to the banking system . at the moment , the central bank seems to be walking a narrow line , using `` open market '' operations to keep rates down , but holding the discount rate stable in an attempt to keep the exchange markets calm .
mr. sobel said these products , to appear on the market in the next eight months , will initially be sold at retail shops at the company 's seven resorts , and then by direct mail . caesars said it hopes eventually to have a complete line of toiletries , including soaps , shampoos and other products .
ross stores said it will close 25 underperforming stores , mostly located in the depressed energy states , and open 10 new stores in other existing markets . charges related to the closures and to discontinued merchandise lines will result in a pre-tax fourth period charge of $ 40 million , the company said .
if inside people are not competitive , how can your organization be competitive in the marketplace ? consultants who work across industry lines will confirm that the fundamentals in every industry are almost identical .
an industry source close to beatrice says several companies have expressed interest in the food businesses . that source said that such a sale , if it occurs , would follow the e-ii offering and the likely disposition of the international food lines .
despite the name , mt . pulaski no longer has electric customers , rochester said . rochester telephone , which serves more than 570,000 lines , mainly in western-central new york state , has acquired or announced agreements to acquire eight midwestern telephone companies this year -- five in illinois , two in wisconsin and one in indiana .
one general motors corp. plant remains down for model changeover this week . the doraville , ga. , plant will begin output of a new line of mid-size cars late next month , a company spokeswoman said .
sales rose to $ 243.4 million from $ 214.6 million . the grocery products concern , which also makes paints , stains and products for the food-service industry , said shipments were up in all its lines .
however , the batteries did n't reach the mass market until the next year because of problems gearing up production . kodak also markets a line of japanese-made alkaline batteries .
< p > @ unisys corp. said it introduced several products in its btos line of computer workstations , including a workstation , a graphics processor and software .
organizers , who expected maybe 2,000 or 3,000 visitors , were stunned by what happened . nearly 30,000 people showed up , some waiting in line for three hours .
when robin came out of the orchard onto the dirt road of the village she met the girl with the black braids again . the mexican girl was hanging up clothes on a line behind the last cabin in the row .
expert westerners say russian refrigerators use too much power , weigh too much and make too much noise . consumers clamor for them , as they do for the extensive soviet line of fully unautomatic cameras .
essex also plans to sell its baltimore phosgene chemicals plant ; the spokesman said the company has n't yet found a buyer . essex also said it plans to sell write off or write down certain venture capital lines .
and just west of stratford i left potiphar in charge of himself , because i knew a stop would wake up parson , and i got my clothes and gear out of the van , and wrote on my slate , `` gone home , `` and looked at parson asleep and felt sad . i went around and stopped potiphar and weighted his lines with a rock , and gave his fine big round rump a pat .
us sprint communications co. , a long-distance telephone company owned jointly by gte corp. , stamford , conn. , and united telecommunications inc. , kansas city , mo. , is also expected to enter the competition . the new service would replace the federally managed network of owned and leased equipment and leased long-distance telephone lines that link 1.3 million government workers nationwide and handle 300 million calls a year .
`` household scandal . that awful sanctimonious gamboni , our butler , was on the line , making a call from paul 's room , which he has no right to do anyway .
< p > @ convex computer corp. today is expected to introduce a new line of mini-supercomputers that it hopes will broaden the appeal of the powerful machines beyond the universities and research institutes that have been their mainstay .
devilbiss accounted for $ 250 million , or about 28 % , of champion 's total 1986 sales of $ 883.8 million . but the unit had a loss last year , and analysts have said its lines of auto-painting systems and health-care products did n't match well with champion 's basic auto-parts business .
this year and the next may be the worst ever for the municipal market in terms of low volume of new issues , but the market should then be poised for a turnaround , said paul sinsar , drexel 's national institutional sales manager of municipal bonds . drexel itself is attempting to increase its presence in the municipal market , recently reorganizing its public finance efforts by dividing the department along regional lines .
markham died in 1940 at the age of 88 . `` the man with the hoe '' can not be said to have had the impact of the `` communist manifesto '' of karl marx and friedrich engels , but it did precede the russian revolution of 1917 , which seemed to answer the question markham posed in the poem 's closing lines .
recently , mr. taki said he will invest in another seventh avenue designer , jeffrey banks , a 34-year-old menswear designer who has run his own struggling business since 1985. mr. banks 's chief success so far came when he was head designer of merona sport sportswear , a hot-selling line of boldly colored knit weekend clothes that became as trendy in the early 1980s as jogging suits once were .
other players include revlon inc. , johnson & johnson , alberto-culver co. , gillette co. and dow chemical co. 's lamaur unit . `` they did a pretty good job of holding share last year , '' ms. temple said of the finesse lines .
our run today is through a canyon , with ragged , broken walls , many lateral gulches or canyons entering on either side . the river is rough , and occasionally it becomes necessary to use lines in passing rocky places .
but kraft is trying again . it currently is testing a line of frozen entrees that include lasagna and several meat dishes .
he said some burger king people were transferred to other positions , while some employees who were n't involved in the account were let go . one employee described the mood in new york as `` demoralized , '' and said the situation was exacerbated because the layoffs `` cut across department lines . ''
this year was to have been the watershed in that effort , in amc 's view . amc dealers finally will get a wider line of cars to sell , and the company just began production of chrysler 's m-body cars on a contract basis at amc 's kenosha , wis. , plant .
kirk roden , sales manager at the microage store in berkeley , calif. , says industry rumors have ibm altering the keyboard , the graphics and perhaps the basic operations of the 386 chip , which might require a different operating system . ibm might make these proprietary features hard to duplicate , if only because it has taken a beating from low-priced clones that copied its pc line .
< p > @ sun microsystems will unveil today a line of computer workstations it hopes will be the industry standard .
already there have been passionate exhanges over the issue of syria . but the debate has n't followed strictly sectarian lines .
american cyanamid co. said it is putting up for sale its fragrance and skin-care business , jacqueline cochran inc. cyanamid said the business , which includes the la prairie skin-care line , is `` a small part '' of the shulton consumer products segment it acquired in 1971 .
philadelphia-based bell atlantic 's earnings increased as intrastate toll use grew 11.2 % and interstate access volume climbed almost 13 % . the company said total access lines grew 3.5 % to 16.1 million .
on friday , the company noted that its restructuring efforts over the past couple of years have strengthened its operating results . amax has sharply pared its long-term obligations and has focused its business on gold , aluminum and coal after shedding lines in silver , copper , nickel , iron ore and agricultural chemicals .
he added gross margins and operating profit `` eroded quite dramatically '' from the prior quarter , along with sales of existing software product lines like multimate and framework . `` the success of a new product in the database line is needed .
that shift intensified after last october 's stock market crash . cluett `` seemed to have had the line misstriped and miscolored , '' says an executive at a rival , who credits cluett 's mistake for a 15 % to 20 % rise in his own sales .
such a high-end product `` is a checkoff item for scientific and engineering shops committing to one vendor , '' said john logan , an analyst with yankee group in boston . those companies want to know that they could buy high-end graphics workstations that work with the rest of the line , he explained .
as far as i 'm concerned , if anyone expects me to accept his rules on sex , he must prove that he does n't have dusty cobwebs inside his skull or in his crotch . having said all that , i can almost hear your next question is there any place where daddy does draw the line ?
under the current exchange plan , coleco would dilute its shares by about 50 % . analysts , who asked not to be quoted , said that coleco has many assets that would be attractive to other toy companies , including the cabbage patch doll line , the alf doll based on the television character , plastic ride-on toys and wading pools and such games as scrabble and trivial pursuit .
sales in the buick division tumbled 68 % in early october compared with a year ago . buick sold only 778 of its 1988 buick regals , the debut model in the newly introduced gm-10 line that gm is hoping will increase the company 's share of the midsized car market .
< p > @ president reagan 's biographer , edmund morris , may be about to cross the line between writing history and making it .
ai n't nobody missed no dinner yet on account of me that i know of . `` he drove on north grumbling , but flailing the lines against the rumps of the team .
in addition , the product relies on special packaging , frequently used in other microwave products like pizza , to help keep it crispy on the outside . campbell , which already has a $ 1.29 to $ 1.69 line of frozen breakfasts called swanson 's great starts , is n't alone in pursuing breakfast-eaters .
mannesmann said group profit also declined in the half , but it did n't provide figures . the company cited sluggish demand for capital goods in west germany , continuous losses in its steelpipe lines and deteriorating conditions at its big brazilian unit .
the command to shoot escapees has been made into law . even their national anthem is no longer sung because a line in the text says , 'germany , united fatherland . ' ''
here was age inconceivable but not death , for the moon had never lived until now . the descending ship was poised almost above the line dividing night from day , and directly below was a chaos of jagged shadows and brilliant , isolated peaks catching the first light of the slow lunar dawn .
sen. howard metzenbaum ( d. , ohio ) has threatened to propose legislation curtailing phone lines advertised to children . while the movie lines say they are geared towards older teens , they are advertised on mtv and cable stations watched by younger children , too .
let me take one 's place and row with you . `` the line fell free and the galley began to move out .
polaroid corp. disclosed friday it is seeking $ 5.7 billion in damages from kodak as a result of its successful patent infringement suit . and black & decker corp. last week said it was pulling two lines of flashlights off the shelves because of flaws in the kodak ultralife nine-volt lithium batteries that power them .
last week the company announced that its fiscal 1988 results were materially incorrect , and that it expected to report a loss for its current fiscal quarter , reversing previously positive earnings projections by donald sheelen , who resigned as chairman last week . regina has made impressive sales inroads in the vacuum cleaner business in recent years with its low-priced models aimed at discount stores ; the stutz line is more expensive and will be sold in specialty stores .
`` i guess i would argue that there 's some information that should n't be getable , '' mr. lambert says . `` everyone would draw the line somewhat differently . obviously , we draw the line that video rental is one area where people should have protection . ''
the hope is that if fcc takes over , isal rates will be reduced or abolished . the semantic dispute began last spring , when the commission asked ma bell why it had filed interstate tariffs to cover only a portion of type 2006 foreign exchange service the portion represented by the foreign exchange line .
the rev . pat robertson has good ideas , `` but i do n't think we 're ready for him . `` there 's `` something about '' rep. kemp `` that makes it impossible for people to understand what he is saying , '' and when a fellow gop candidate told her mr. kemp reminded him of the strategic defense initiative -- about 60 % effective -- she asked whether she could borrow the line .
undistracted by the rabble , mr. smith ( `` sinjin '' to players and fans ) stretches in a beach chair and awaits his first game . he wears blue and white togs from sideout -- his personal sportswear line that is expected to have revenue of $ 5 million this year -- and lies under an umbrella bearing the name of a new sportswear shop he runs with his brothers and sisters in nearby santa monica .
hachette , which claims it is now the world 's fourth-biggest media company , behind bertelsmann , capital cities/abc inc. , and time inc. , is being driven abroad in part by challenges at home . group de la cite , a recent agglomeration of publishing companies , is in most of hachette 's lines and owns half of the world 's biggest book club , which sells at great profit 26 million books a year to one frenchman in every five .
apple computer 's profit rose an unexpected 6.5 % in its latest quarter , surprising even the company . sales surged 41 % , led by continued strength in the macintosh computer line .
agreement even on relatively trivial matters , such as common safety standards for forklifts or children 's toys , takes years . so many tedious council of ministers meetings end without real progress on major issues that reporters joke that there is one opening line that serves for 90 % of their stories .
ibm said its after-tax profit margin fell to 8.4 % from 10.4 % in the 1986 half . in the second half , ibm is expected to benefit as it starts to ship in volume the new versions of its 3090 mainframes , its 9370 minicomputers and some products in its new personal computer line .
great atlantic & pacific tea co. is introducing a line of fancy private-label foodstuffs in a far-reaching attempt to capitalize on growing demand for gourmet products . the line , called master choice , also represents an effort to fill what a & p , of montvale , n.j. , perceives as a void between mass-market national brands and elitist brands .
the euphoria that flowed over him masked out all reality and the scent was all there was . when the shelf had torn loose from the wall , a quarter-inch nylon line had slipped off a three-inch common nail on the top of the plank , over which it had been looped . lashing like a thin white snake , the line had whipped out through a hole in the roof and across the downward slope , dislodging several shingles and two irate herring gulls on the way .
i telephoned the office and had them connect me with bertha cool . `` donald , bertha , `` i said , when i heard her voice on the line .
`` that 's a broad range , but we believe enough people buy with that as a prompting preference '' for the company to reformulate the way it makes its products . lately , numerous companies have introduced products that are low in saturated fats and cholesterol , `` but this is the first company i 've heard of that has reformulated its entire line -- certainly the first bakery company , '' said lynn dornblaser , managing editor of the trade publication , gorman 's new product news .
the commission voted 5-0 to seek public comment on a plan to `` streamline '' regulation of packet switching networks and telecommunications services offered under competitive contracts . commercial packet switching services divide data transmissions into tiny digital segments and route those segments economically over telephone lines .
he has returned to the u.s. at least 40 times in the past 10 years to do the `` iliad '' thing , usually for not more than an hour or two , at schools and colleges . at these exhibitions of mnemonic prowess , a resident classicist randomly picks a line from the epic , and mr. powelson takes it from there .
one of them recalls that when col. north found out that defense secretary caspar weinberger objected to the plan to force down an egyptian airliner carrying the achille lauro terrorists , he persuaded his security council superiors to initially order the white house operators not to disturb president reagan with telephone calls . ( mr. weinberger and the president eventually spoke over an unsecured line while mr. reagan was aboard air force one and mr. weinberger was on another aircraft . )
`` i 'll be by your place in a few minutes to pick it up . now get off the line so i can see if i 'm too late to hold the plane .
the 386sx models , observers think , may start at about $ 3,000 , but it could n't be determined what compaq 's pricing will be on its machines . stewart alsop , publisher of pc letter , an industry newsletter , said the advanced-software and technical advantages of the 386sx machines would ultimately make 286 computers , such as the ibm pc at and the model 50 in ibm 's new ps/2 line , `` pretty much obsolete . ''
encouraged , hasbro marketers and designers went back to the drawing board . they enlarged the line to nine dolls to give it more variety .
since mr. perelman acquired control of revlon in november 1985 , he has shed most of the company 's health care divisions while seeking to bolster the beauty business . last december he purchased max factor inc. , which includes the halston and almay lines , for $ 345 million .
< p > @ sun microsystems inc. , which previously sold its line of technical workstations through its own direct sales force , said it is signing up outside resellers to help it broaden distribution .
the plaintiffs in the suit , which seeks class-action status , are identified as investors who bought regina stock between july 19 -- when the company released results for its year ended june 30 -- and sept. 20 , when regina told analysts that first-quarter results would be lower than expected . the majority of the return problems seem to be with the housekeeper vacuum line , which was introduced in 1986 and sells for $ 59 to $ 79 , and the 1987 housekeeper plus line , which sells for about $ 100 to $ 150 .
the 37-year-old mrs. ros-lehtinen , who was born in havana , defeated mr. richman , 48 , a miami lawyer , by 53 % to 47 % in a bitterly fought race that pitted mrs. ros-lehtinen 's little havana constituency against mr. richman 's jewish constituency centered in miami beach . both candidates were criticized for urging voters to cast their ballots along ethnic lines .
of workaholic behavior with many managers routinely putting in 60 hour work weeks , it may seem hard for them to know when they 've crossed the line from simply working hard to the unhealthy obsession of workaholism .
the clear suggestion was that they had decided to throw the support of their powerful ldp factions behind mr. kaifu . tsutomu hata , a takeshita-faction diet member and former agriculture minister , said in a television interview that mr. kaifu is `` the type of person who crosses factional lines , '' meaning that he could be supported by members of other factions .
sales rose 15 % to $ 200.2 million from $ 173.9 million . commodore 's chairman , irving gould , said the latest results reflect significant expansion in sales from commodore 's expanded product mix in its line of amiga personal computers , the ms-dos personal computer compatibles and traditional c64/ c128d computers in europe , north america and australia .
ibm also said the devices , which basically replace its existing product line , will take up far less space , require less power , and be much easier to modify as time goes by and new features become available . armonk , n.y.-based ibm is trying to switch the emphasis in the market to the added features available on its line , so it can escape the price competition that has made life so tough for rolm .
rochester telephone corp. said it signed a letter of intent to acquire c , c & s systems inc. for about $ 25 million in stock . jackson , mich.-based c , c & s systems is a holding company that operates c , c & s telco inc. , a telephone company that serves 17,000 access lines in south-central michigan , and t-com inc. , a paging service that operates in florida , michigan and texas .
this year , grey 's work for revlon was largely limited to a single television advertisement for flex , a hair care product . grey had been assigned to work on an ad campaign for a new hair care line that revlon planned to introduce next year .
while catholic and jewish agencies have had enough beds to accommodate children of those religions , protestant agencies have not . that has meant that non-catholic and non-jewish children have had to get at the end of the line for acceptance into agencies , solely because of their religion .
how to hunt animals . how to catch fish without a hook and line or net .
mr. smith said that `` delivering high quality products '' eventually would prove to wall street and the public that `` what we did was right . `` at his news conference , mr. smith also was peppered with questions from local reporters about whether the wisconsin investment board 's stance regarding the perot affair would affect whether gm commits to producing a new line of pickup trucks at the company 's janesville , wis. , facility .
hallmark cards inc. said it reached an agreement to settle a two-year dispute involving a line of its cards that resemble those of blue mountain arts , a small boulder , colo. , concern . as previously reported , blue mountain sued hallmark for trademark violations , contending that its personal touch line of cards was too similar to blue mountain arts ' products .
typically , industry executives say , most people wait seven to 10 years to replace a sofa , and they hang onto a bedroom set for at least 16 years . the designer lines , of course , have no single look , but rather reflect the styles of the decorators , ranging from 18th and 19th century reproductions to sleek , modern furnishings .
in 1986 , hasbro earned $ 99.2 million , or $ 1.70 a share , on revenue of $ 1.34 billion . mr. hassenfeld said the milton bradley games division and its playskool line of toys will perform particularly well this year .
the company has said it intends to emphasize its fragrance business . it has cut prices on some cosmetic lines 50 % and may sell the lines .
the new beer , introduced this week at a liquor industry convention , is imported from switzerland 's cardinal brewery . heidelberg 's first ads for the brand , which sibra says will compete with imported light beer leader amstel light , feature the line `` the best tasting light beer you 've ever seen . ''
the jokes russians tell among themselves are more pointed . marshall goldman , co-director of harvard 's russian research center , heard this one two russians are standing in a long line to buy vodka , grumbling about gorbachev 's restriction on liquor-store hours .
these proteins bind tightly to specific molecules , offering the prospect of such applications as the diagnosis and treatment of cancer and the separation and purification of materials . in addition , mr. frashier will push for development of a line of protein-based adhesive and coating products .
the family of david grutman , a barco vice president , has agreed to tender to the donners the 600,000 shares it controls , barco said . michael donner said the family has n't any immediate plans to expand the company , but will develop existing lines of the business , founded by the elder mr. donner 's stepfather in 1929 .
at & t expects that its cost-cutting program wo n't begin producing results until at least next year . chairman james olson said that vital to the firm 's growth are long-distance service and its computer line .
kimberly-clark attributed most of the increase to lower research , advertising , promotion and selling expenses . the company said the 1985 fourth-quarter research expenses were `` abnormally high '' because of work on a new line of thin , superabsorbent huggies-brand diapers , launched in 1986 , and other feminine and personal care products .
the new computer is part of hewlett-packard 's attempts to refit the internal architecture of its new computers to make them much more powerful . the spectrum line has been under development for five years at a cost of more than $ 250 million , in what the company calls the largest project it has ever undertaken .
< p > @ ncr corp. , as expected , unveiled here a line of personal computers , including one based on intel corp. 's powerful 80386 microprocessor .
i screamed , `` my god , she 's been burned , `` and ran half-dressed and half-crazy to the phone downstairs . picking up the receiver , i heard two farsi voices chatting and i screamed for them to get off the line immediately .
but it was n't clear whether this would force a tightening of controls . the court stopped short of saying where the agency should draw the line on safety .
barely one in 11 would absolutely refuse . the students , though , do draw the line .
from canada comes an example of this genre , zero the fool , a movie shot , edited and directed by morley markson and in this case , the names and major events do n't seem to have been tampered with even slightly . kay armatage , a critic for montreal 's avant-garde bimonthly take one , reviews this final assault on the thin line separating `` cinema life `` from `` real life . ``
ing . c. olivetti & co. introduced a line of six personal computers designed to compete with a group of machines unveiled in april by international business machines corp .
he adds `` people would be doing much more of this if they could figure out how to bring it to market broadly . `` indeed , campbell last year withdrew its fresh chef line of refrigerated sauces , soups and salads from national distribution after incurring substantial losses , while general food 's culinova line of upscale entrees is barely hanging on .
drawing deeply on a lucky strike , he says `` we never had a problems with the nea until an acknowledged homosexual who died of aids -- and i 'm sorry he did -- came along with a series of photographs designed to promote homosexuality . there i draw the line . `` it is a line that many beltway cassandras say may divide lawmakers in `` the smut and obscenity vote of the year , '' a line running through an exceptionally tricky political quagmire , in which the basic aesthetic issues tend to sink below the surface .
santa clara wo n't comment on the lawsuit -- but it will defend its law , adopted in 1986 after the city bought the amusement park . the law makes line cutting , shoving and other forms of rowdiness a crime punishable by a $ 1,000 fine or six months in jail .
more than 300 cash machines throughout the city and its suburbs stopped functioning . `` the machines can still talk to you , but the transaction wo n't go anyplace without the computer line , '' said steven cole , president of cash station inc. , which operates some 900 cash machines in the chicago area .
in cap and gown i slipped almost unnoticed into the senior procession , as it rounded the corner of the hedge , on its way to the church . i did n't hear much of what president hutchins said , for my mind was divided between our last tablecloth , now drying i hoped on the line , and keeping susan 's voluminous gown from disclosing my bare legs .
< p > @ the federal communications commission reinstated its programs to help minority entrepreneurs , but the first group in line for the aid is the family of stock manipulator ivan boesky .
the car is n't all-american , however mazda , of which ford owns 25 % , did much of the engineering on the vehicle . the most widely publicized luxury cars of the new model year are clearly nissan 's infiniti line , which goes on sale nov. 8 , and toyota 's lexus cars , which have been available since august .
besides the all american gourmet acquisition , kraft is trying again internally . it currently is testing a line of frozen entrees that includes lasagna and several meat dishes .
a consumer-health group accused an rjr nabisco inc. unit of misleading consumers about the contents of a popular line of fruit drinks . the center for science in the public interest said it asked the food and drug administration to order the del monte foods unit to change the name of its fruit blends line .
< p > @ with fewer than 70 shopping days till christmas , millions of americans are avoiding long lines , bad weather and crowded parking lots by doing some or all of their christmas shopping by mail .
at london 's gatwick airport , delays are so bad the airport has put up two marquees with 1,000 extra seats , and brought in clowns to entertain children . in honolulu , travelers coming from asia have been stuck in two-hour lines at customs and immigration .
an attorney who joined kraft 's law department in 1954 after graduating from harvard law school , his background is n't in marketing , which is what 's needed to pump new life into tired lines . when he spoke to analysts last week in florida , mr. richman was enthusiastic about line extensions , which are new versions of existing brands .
< p > @ at the federal bureau of investigation , agents probing the iran-contra affair are assigned `` secure '' telephone lines that ca n't be bugged .
software to take full advantage of the hardware ibm introduced in april wo n't be available until 1988 and later . mr. geran compares the situation to 1964 , when ibm streamlined its line of mainframe computers and handed prosperity to honeywell -- for 18 months , before ibm bounced back .
ibm cut the suggested retail price by $ 500 , to $ 5,795 from $ 6,295 , on the model 60 version with a hard disk drive that contains 70 megabytes , or roughly 35,000 pages , of information . it cut by $ 300 the price to dealers on the machine , which is based on the intel corp. 80286 processor and is in the middle of the ibm line .
but the move may also reflect an effort to subcontract work to outside vendors as part of a broader strategy designed in part to trim costs . the no . 1 auto maker in recent months has been shedding some small operations and has joined in joint ventures to make and market such products as its heavy truck line .
but the lines move slowly ; the dispatcher typically takes 40 minutes to answer . `` this has happened to me four or five times since february , '' says television repairman jorge recio garcia , waiting in line to report his broken telephone .
first , ibm will be taking steps to improve the position of its 9370 minicomputer , by far the company 's worst product disappointment of 1987. in addition , one of ibm 's biggest new products of the year will be a potentially lucrative addition to its midrange line .
mr. kaye denies the suit 's charges and says his only mistake was taking on sony in the marketplace . `` i made a similar line and i produced it cheaper , '' he says .
amdahl added 1 7/8 to 42 1/4 . the company introduced a line of mainframe computers that it said are faster than any other mainframes on the market .
compaq computer corp. is expected to introduce next week speedier versions of its top-of-the-line portable and desktop computers . the moves are compaq 's first product introductions since international business machines corp. revamped its personal computer line in april and indicate that compaq is following its tested strategy of trying to leapfrog ibm performance and concentrate on high-powered business computers .
as a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer lingerie division , oscar de la renta , since its inception in 1988. to maintain exclusivity of that designer line , it is n't labeled with the maidenform name .
wanting her film to have the aura of objectivity , ms. franklin-trout begins by adopting the pose of the network anchor . she delivers opening lines that presuppose a reasonableness , a fairness , a balance `` tonight , we take you inside the territory to look at the realities that led to the rebellion . ''
< p > @ international minerals & chemical corp. said its mallinckrodt inc. unit is divesting a handful of peripheral businesses as part of an effort to focus on lines with higher profit margins and stronger market positions .
average shares increased about 13 % , to 19.3 million . dell attributed the earnings decline in part to price reductions on computers using the intel corp. 80286 microprocessor , a line that is reaching maturity .
fans of the first season will recall a similar scene in which cliff instructs theo on the value of a dollar by handing him a roll of play money and then taking back a few bills every time theo lists another necessity of his proposed bachelor lifestyle . to compare these scenes is to conclude that theo is still brash , the lines are still clever , mr. cosby can still clown his way through worthwhile parental lessons , and the show still has a drolly astute tone .
`` we thought we 'd get a lot of factory shift workers , '' said robert wunderle , supermarkets general 's economist and vice president for public affairs . `` the reality is we found out that the majority of shift workers were white collar '' and included transportation workers , medical services personnel , journalists and `` just plain citizens that find shopping at 11 or 12 at night is a lot quicker than dealing with crowds and lines . ''
politicians in the nation 's third-largest city began maneuvering within hours after mr. washington died from a heart attack wednesday . neighborhood factions , often split along racial lines , are jockeying behind the scenes , and some are calling for a special election .
several new toys that were considered possible hits for this year have failed to live up to expectations . coleco 's rambo , pawtucket , r.i.-based hasbro inc. 's inhumanoids , and beverly , mass.-based kenner parker toys inc. 's centurions , all action-figure lines for boys , have n't sold well .
deere stock fell 87.5 cents , to close at $ 60.125 in heavy trading on the new york stock exchange . karen ubelhart , an analyst at shearson lehman hutton inc. , said wall street had been expecting higher per-share earnings of around $ 1.40 , and termed the loss in the lawn and grounds-care line a surprise .
telephone lines linking home terminals to the company 's central computer were n't always reliable . `` we 'd lose a line in the middle of transmission , and many times have to redo the work , '' says raymond howell , who helped oversee hartford 's yearlong experiment .
fcb/leber is a unit of foote , cone & belding communications inc. licensing colonia inc. received a world-wide licensing agreement from knoll international holdings inc. , parent of the 21 club , to produce a line of men 's fragrances named after the new york restaurant . the line , to be introduced in the u.s. in 1989 , marks the first time the restaurant has licensed the use of its name .
for marketers of new products , this lack of gusto means trouble . but langer suggests that habit shoppers may be more willing to try new products if they are line extensions with familiar brand names .
the district will get 60 % of the royalties from the licensing arrangement . the clothing , made by great southern co. , macon , ga. , comes in a rainbow of `` trendy yet unique '' colors , including bright orange , hot pink , turquoise and chartreuse , said shannon richey of san diego-based lucas enterprises inc. , which is helping to market and promote the line .
no heat from bureaucrats and hotel clerks to students , everyone sits around all day long in overcoats from october through april . no food everything from milk to rice is rationed , but long lines and limited supplies mean people often wind up with only a ration ticket on the dinner table -- some people could show you whole crocks filled with expired coupons .
but , whereas in the u.s. they are extremely difficult to regulate , in france they are being banned . france telecom , the nation 's telecommunications authority , announced last month it will abolish the gab lines as of october . `` we realized that every one of the chat lines was pink { pornographic } , '' says a france telecom official .
strong gusts of wind were churning up the ocean . the rafts were bobbing up and down , jerking against the lines that held us together .
< p > @ president reagan is warning that if the u.s. navy does n't defend oil shipping in the persian gulf , americans may soon be waiting in gasoline lines again .
here the overhaul of my boat could be guaranteed , whereas a stay in kiel would only jeopardize her existence . one hour after we had fastened our lines we removed them again .
although mr. jefferies was n't an underwriter of the fireman 's fund issue , his case highlights an area that affects a wide range of large and small investors . it is an area where the line between legality and illegality is unusually thin .
< p > @ the last two lines are probably the most familiar
in armonk , n.y. , an ibm spokesman said the company has scheduled a press briefing for today related to its midrange product lines but declined to elaborate . the industry executives said ibm will announce models in the middle of the as/400 line to get customers to upgrade from the ibm system 36 , the less powerful of the two lines that ibm combined into the as/400 .
`` angermann was reciting still more horrors when another small new boat plowed up to the pier . a man threw a line .
this year 's redesign of the deville and fleetwood series is more significant . the two model lines are expected to account for about 64 % of the 261,000 cars cadillac expects to sell in the 1989 model-year .
i see the crowd and i do n't want to stand in line , '' said krzystof tom . he ultimately took a place in line .
a definitive pact and closing of the transaction are scheduled for june 30. mt . vernon , with annual sales of about $ 20 million , offers a line of more than 700 products that includes injection-molded plastic overcaps for canned coffee , margarine tubs , canned nuts and tennis ball cans .
`` we are going to stay with the line because noxell has historically been a good vendor for us , '' he added . in its first three months on the market , sales of the clarion line totaled an estimated $ 25 million .
so there 's a new emphasis on trying to make such transactions just a bit more pleasant . in new york and some other cities , for example , the service is experimenting with computers that can tell customers how long they 'll wait in line before being helped .
`` i play the friend of another psychiatrist , who is perplexed because her patient , a compulsive gambler , wants to commit suicide , '' says miss skala . `` but a lot of my lines were difficult to understand .
yet to a large degree , mr. jackson has accomplished what he set out to do when he first announced his candidacy for the democratic presidential nomination . he has succeeded in creating a movement across racial lines -- a movement of society 's have-nots -- and giving that movement a driving focus for its political aspirations .
< p > @ prime computer inc. said it added a more powerful system to its line of desk-side minicomputers .
competitors speculate that the nation 's fourth-largest supermarket concern will have to spend a substantial amount to develop premium products that then will end up selling in relatively low volumes . moreover , the extensive line could hog valuable shelf space that would otherwise be devoted to more-popular items .
the pop-up `` sleeping beauty '' illustrates another flaw in children 's books no one ever proofreads them . `` several year past and the princess was still asleep , '' reads one line .
one fan arrived at 4 a.m.and found 20 people ahead of him . `` sometimes the line stretches 60 yards , three or four people wide , '' says white-haired joe keesler , the owner .
`` a strike would probably help , '' said philip k. fricke of goldman , sachs & co. in addition , most of the truck lines produced in pontiac are also made at other plants .
critics say that in winning preferential treatment , the debartolo organization played all the right political notes -- including hiring a former governor 's chief of staff to be track director of operations and granting a $ 165,000 food service contract to a company owned by the state speaker of the house . remington is off to a rousing start despite some opening-day snafus , which included slow lines at betting windows that prevented a number of people from wagering .
michael s. swavely , compaq 's vice president , marketing , said compaq would have `` at least one major new product announcement this year , '' fitting the strategy outlined in mr. canion 's speech . but mr. swavely would n't rule out the possibility of compaq producing a computer compatible with the new ibm line . he said it was `` conceivable '' that compaq might eventually produce two lines of computers based on the different standards .
that points out a peculiarity in black america . unlike most americans , blacks do not yet vote along class lines .
courageous because although the catch was better the weather was a greater risk the farther you sailed from overfished home waters . foolhardy because one day if you persisted you would lose all your gear pots , nets , and lines in the sudden storms that brought in the terrible ground sea from the illimitable westward ocean .
ici has folded the agrichemicals business into its ici americas inc. unit , based in wilmington , del . then , in short order , ici sold stauffer 's specialty-chemical line , to akzo n.v. of the netherlands for $ 625 million , and agreed to sell the basic-chemicals business , to france 's state-owned rhone-poulenc s.a. for $ 505 million .
in big-time corporate bankruptcy storms , lowly shareholders are starting to steal some thunder . traditionally , shareholders have been the last in line .
one solution being considered is a big across-the-board reduction in the services that the health-insurance funds pay for . others divide along political lines .
potential running mates were required to submit boxes of documentation and to complete a questionnaire so detailed that sen. glenn divided it among his advisers . the 50-question survey , which ran more than six pages single-spaced , itself served as a winnowing agent ; mr. nunn drew the line at answering it , and house majority leader thomas foley 's wife , who is also one of his closest advisers , found it onerous .
almost all would agree that kids should n't be running up phone bills by dialing dirty talkers ; it 's bad for the parent 's wallet and probably bad for the child 's mind . but the argument ca n't be made that adults should n't be able to call these smut lines if they want to .
we 've had absolutely no complaints , '' says barclay lottimer , vice president of sales and marketing . still , the lines are far from a sure thing , and it 's too soon to say if they even work .
< p > @ international business machines corp. said it has asked computer-accessory makers to produce adaptor cards for its ps/2 line of computers that will enable them to transfer data two to four times faster than they currently do .
`` it was already happening , but it was happening slowly . `` he says that not only will dealers focus on fewer lines of equipment , but that dealers will focus more on market niches -- concentrating on businesses of a certain size or on specific industries , such as banking or insurance .
`` people perceive ryder as the yellow ( rental ) trucks , '' mr. burns says . `` while that 's a valuable line , it 's less than 15 % of the company . ''
fcb/leber katz , a division of chicago-based foote , cone & belding communications inc. , is also already a big rjr agency with industry estimates of about $ 110 million in rjr billings . in recent years , it had handled the comeback , through line extensions , of shredded wheat .
kaypro has focused lately on other computer products , and in 1985 introduced its personal computer that is compatible with international business machines corp. 's pc at , marketing it primarily to small businesses and professionals . andrew f. kay , kaypro chairman , said eliminating the transportable line would allow the company to concentrate on marketing of `` a smaller group of mainstream technology computers . ''
thomas , which makes a broad range of lighting products , said its emco lighting division in milan , ill. , will make and market the schreder products . schreder makes tunnel lighting from 18 factories world-wide and also makes a broad line of outdoor lighting products .
over a plate of red , white and green pasta -- the colors of the italian flag -- he explains how mass-market retailing fits in with these schemes . advertisers on his three national television networks could add lines like `` available at the standa , '' to their sales pitches , he says , sharing the ad costs with the department store .
taiwan will export three million personal computers this year , up 50 % from 1987. long lines form outside discos that charge $ 20 a head , and $ 5 a beer , to dance to the beat of imported bands .
the ruling involves the area that , although technical , is important in determining where lawsuits may be brought , and where companies and other defendants may be forced to defend themselves . in a long line of decisions , the supreme court has said there must be `` minimum contacts '' between a company and a state before the company can be sued in that state .
korean and indian fighting kites are so sensitive to the touch of the handler that they will alight within an inch or two of where he directs them to go . the celebrated indian kite-flyer surendra bahadur could fly a kite six inches off the ground ; also , he could tell a kite 's height by listening to the wind on the line .
the secesh rode off . job shook the lines .
equally unfounded is mr. kelly 's implication that the american brands board of directors has not been aggressively seeking meaningfully to enhance shareholder value . `` american brands ' best-known lines are its cigarette brands , including pall mall , tareyton and lucky strike .
thus , some families are probably buying take-out food from grocery stores -- such as barbecued chicken -- but are n't classifying it as such . the line between groceries and take-out food may have become blurred .
worlds of wonder attributed the loss to plummeting sales and delays in getting its toys to market during the christmas season . the quarter 's loss included a charge of $ 63.6 million for reserves to cover price reductions , estimated losses for the liquidation of a hong kong unit and disposal of excess materials related to discontinued or slow-moving lines .
but the omni and horizon account for less than 40 % of chrysler 's sales drop , and the addition of american motors car sales -- where year-to-year comparisons are terrible -- for only an additional 15 % . the problem also lies in such places as chrysler 's midsize lebaron line , which has had flat sales this year , even though it has been expanded to four models from two .
mr. hodel , a former energy secretary , has been the most outspoken cabinet member on the threat to the u.s. from dependence on oil imports . he has been warning that unless the u.s. changes its ways , it will face gasoline lines within two to five years .
revenue rose 4 % to $ 281.7 million from $ 270.8 million . irving gould , chairman and chief executive officer , said demand for all products `` exceeded expectations '' while the amiga line `` is being established solidly and currently represents 40 % of total revenues . ''
hooks fly in every direction . lines become tangled .
i got the lifting capacity figures for helium and hydrogen . it turns out that if our friend used a specific type of chute , which is common with skydivers , you could inflate a balloon within the shroud lines and the canopy .
< p > @ the long-awaited clones of international business machines corp. 's new ps/2 line of personal computers could be on dealers ' shelves as soon as may -- and even if customers are n't that eager for them , big blue 's lawyers are .
in his letter , mr. jacobs said that , like amway , he would sell avon 's giorgio beverly hills inc. and parfumes stern inc. units , as well as other operations that avon may be treating as discontinued . in recent months the new york-based company has been disposing of ancillary businesses to concentrate on its lines of household goods and cosmetics , which are distributed primarily through a direct-sales force .
meanwhile , supporters of the dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law . currently , if the person taping is a party to the conversation , it 's all right to record without the knowledge of the other person on the line . ( intercepting other people 's private conversations is illegal and punishable by five years in prison and fines of $ 10,000 . )
philip reiss , an attorney for wpp , said the memo was found late tuesday in the files of several of the departed directors . the document , which appears to be a computer printout and is n't dated , has a line at the top stating it is from ed yaconetti , the former chief operating officer of lord geller , to the agency 's management committee .
`` it 's ludicrous and rather obsequious to pretend you are warm , close friends in a business environment , '' says ms. martin , the columnist . `` it obscures the line of rank and command . ''
`` just a second . `` sellers came on the line .
igor unhooked the fish and dropped it into the top of the nearest box . then he threw the line back into the sea .
< p > @ contel corp. said third-quarter net income increased 16 % to $ 72 million , or 45 cents a share , from $ 62 million , or 39 cents a share , as a result of strong growth in telephone-access lines and long-distance minutes of use .
intertorg inc. , a sacramento , calif. , importer , plans to set up a separate company to introduce soviet fashions to the u.s. , particularly the creations of mr. zaitsev -- designer to raisa gorbachev and the bolshoi ballet . another group is negotiating to license a line of clothing created by a team of 20 american and soviet designers .
despite previous flops within this niche , campbell soup co. , kraft general foods and nestle enterprises inc. all are test-marketing prepackaged , refrigerated fresh foods that need only be toted home and heated or lightly cooked . and nestle s.a. 's carnation co. already sells a limited line of chilled fare nationwide and says it may expand .
as with ibm , other computer concerns reported sharply stronger march sales . the surge was partly attributed to customers who had been holding back to evaluate new models and enhancements in ibm 's sierra mainframe line .
the boat rolled again , and the cage slid away from the winch . the men ran with lines , shouting , trying to get the lines around the cage to snub it tight against the rail . before they could tighten their lines , the cage jerked free , shot across the deck , and struck the winch a mighty timber-shattering blow that caved in one side of the cage .
tonka corp. said hasbro inc. has dropped its suit challenging tonka 's new supernaturals holographic toys . as previously reported , pawtucket , r.i.-based hasbro , a toy and game maker , and new york-based abrams/gentile entertainment inc. , accused tonka of misappropriating information about a `` secret '' concept for a toy line .
he adds , however , that video air is starting to try tying in advertisers with movies . for `` rain man , '' whose video release will include a national ad for buick , video air is `` trying to get local buick dealers to do a tag at the end of the ad , saying , 'come see our line of buicks at your local dealer , ' '' mr. mathis says .
ibm never challenged the rights of many clone-makers to replicate its earlier machines . ibm has indicated that it expects legal clones of its ps/2 line to appear , but did n't expect them to arrive quite so fast , and has said it certainly would n't do anything to make life easier for the clone makers .
prospects for modernizing jiangsu 's antiquated telephone system also have dimmed . the province 's population of 61 million surpasses that of france , but jiangsu 's phone system can handle only 50,000 lines .
even the company 's corporate symbols seemed to take on a new significance . mr. hope 's wife , mary , was eager to see singer jimmy dean , who has lent his name to a line of the company 's sausages .
at beecham , he had been responsible for marketing such consumer brands as aqua-fresh toothpaste , sucrets throat lozenges and calgon bath products . quaker state , maker of the nation 's best-selling motor oil , turned to mr. snell in an effort to coordinate marketing of an unwieldy 6,000 products cutting across 12 company lines .
in its personal-care division , mr. reitman said , sales of children 's diapers continue to show considerable growth despite competition . he said the division plans to introduce an adult diaper line in the second quarter , and expects that product to break even this fiscal year .
while many companies usually see a 25 % increase in revenue each september , he believes the increase this year could be about 35 % and even as high as 40 % in some cases . the reason , mr. erlap believes , is that corporations are through evaluating ibm 's new line of personal computers introduced in april and `` an enormous amount of pentup demand has been let loose '' as some customers go for ibm new machines and others go for ibm-compatibles .
but a sale of some assets to raise cash is possible . mr. handel said , `` a wide variety of parties have expressed interest in buying one or more of the company 's toy lines . ''
he has n't eliminated enough jobs , many analysts say , and he has also been criticized for unveiling some products too soon . for instance , ibm 's new line of personal computers were introduced in april , while the line 's new operating system wo n't be available until next month .
`` sears has the clout and the credibility when it comes to furniture , '' says jerry epperson , a securities analyst at wheat first securities . sears and du pont introduced the lasting images furniture line at the american craft museum here in a model living room similar to the ones that will be set up this fall in 450 of sears ' larger stores .
in the back row sit mission control 's brass . alongside kraft sits mission director george hage , who has direct lines from his console to the white house , the state department and nasa 's washington headquarters .
the tape-recorded voice answering the phone tells callers how to enter a contest for a free trip to london , which includes a plug for continental airlines . if you stay on the line , running up an even bigger phone bill , the same voice goes on to advertise the movie , and would have gone on but i 'd heard enough .
gm , on the other hand , had too much capacity , which became a drag on earnings last year . ford 's performance also was fueled by the success of its new taurus and sable line of midsized cars .
< p > @ ncr corp. , ballyhooing the increased flexibility of its popular tower computer system , broadened the line for high-end and low-end users with four new models .
today , the company has a market value of about $ 48 million , based on the stock 's closing price yesterday of $ 2.375 . while its physical assets , including its toy lines , are worth perhaps $ 250 million , according to analysts , the company 's debt is far higher .
in czechoslovakia , more than in any other country of the soviet sphere , the leadership has had a difficult time . it is struggling to walk a credible line between the retrenchment it was brought in to enforce two decades ago and mr. gorbachev 's drive to revive socialism with doses of the free market and freedom of thought .
it is like an angler who has only a light line to land a large fish . anything like a sharp tug will snap the line , contact will be lost and the fish will get away .
had these students been given a basic grounding in principles of business ethics , they would have learned that this `` going along to get along '' mentality is exactly what has gotten so many companies into trouble . in the area of gathering competitors ' information -- where there is a fine line between aggressive market research and corporate espionage -- few business decisions are without ethical ramifications .
xtc products inc. , a larchmont , n.y. , toy maker , filed suit in new york , charging walt disney co. and dover handbag co. with trademark infringement . since 1983 , xtc has marketed a line of soft toys under the trademark hugg-a-planet .
the unit of swiss-based nestle s.a. also has slashed prices on its newly restaged dinner supreme brand and is offering 30 % to 40 % more cents-off coupons than last year on all its frozen dinner products . not to be outdone , campbell has withdrawn its upscale l'orient line of szechuan chinese meals from the market entirely .
all plymouth portfolios are run by fidelity managers , or what william t. ryan , plymouth 's general manager , calls `` the first team . `` in fact , the first plymouth fund , the special situations fund , was a well-established fidelity capital-appreciation portfolio that was moved over to anchor the plymouth line .
this , of course , induces long-distance carriers to look for a variety of other ways to reach their customers , including private microwave relays and fiber-optic cables . in order to reduce the incentive for long-distance companies to bypass the local companies through alternative distribution systems , the fcc instituted a fixed monthly `` subscriber line charge '' for residential and business subscribers .
`` hello , weaver , `` he said and then to put her on the defensive , `` what 's all the gabbing on the house phones ? i could n't get an open line to you . ``
it 's certainly not an unprecedented condition . many famous texts have been changed in the transmission in order to give more meaning to the original lines . ''
in frustration , mr. wanniski says , he and a few allies raised $ 10,000 on their own to buy a four-page newspaper spread in charleston , s.c. , before last saturday 's primary . the spread stressed mr. kemp 's optimistic vision of lower taxes , more jobs , opportunity for the poor through greater choice , and `` moving america forward but leaving no one behind , '' mr. kemp 's `` good shepherd '' line .
minstar said it will concentrate on boat manufacturing through its 82 % ownership of genmar industries inc. minstar 's sports lines include ben hogan golf clubs , head tennis and ski equipment , and swimming gear .
one reason is that disneyland encourages photo-taking by lending cameras without charge , and setting up designated photo sites . people tend to take pictures of -- and thus remember -- only pleasant scenes like the cute shot with mickey mouse , and not the long line at the ladies ' room .
rochester telephone operates three telephone companies in new york and four in pennsylvania . its companies serve a total of more than 500,000 access lines .
one area of expansion will be licensing agreements with other apparel companies . this year , for example , playtex apparel inc. licensed the gitano label for a line of fashion bras in the $ 6 to $ 8 range to complement playtex 's basic $ 15 bras .
i ca n't see any basic difference between selling your body for sex and selling it for baseball or football ; or for that matter , selling the ability to write or draw . with sex , the line between giving a dinner or a trinket and giving cash seems particularly thin .
meantime , hungry passengers have to order from mobile carts scattered around the terminal . continental insists that 's sufficient , but the lines to get to the carts are often long -- and there are few places to sit and eat .
< p > @ the federal communications commission restricted the ability of local telephone companies to charge high prices for private telephone lines used in communications networks .
young & rubicam continues as agency of record for network and print media buying . hill holliday handled advertising for revlon 's charlie and trouble fragrances , clean & clear hair care line and nutrasome hair care treatment .
at & t later developed a form of picture phone for business meetings , but it was too cumbersome and costly for consumers . now mitsubishi electric corp. of japan has begun selling visitel , a telephone accessory that uses a built-in camera to send still pictures over ordinary lines . the user sits in front of the camera , frames a picture on a small video screen , and presses a button to send it , about five or six seconds later , to the visitel on the other end of the line .
`` we 're expecting his addition to be very positive in devising new strategies . `` founded in 1964 , the company bought matchbox wheeled toys , a 33-year-old line , in 1982 .
< p > @ prime computer inc. , natick , mass. , unveiled two computers in its new exl 1200 line based on multiprocessor computers made by sequent computer systems inc. , beaverton , ore .
today , it is more vital than ever . in 1983 , the act was entrenched in the new constitution , which established a tricameral parliament along racial lines , with separate chambers for whites , coloreds and asians but none for blacks .
< p > @ crs sirrine inc. , an architectural and engineering concern , said it was chosen by general motors corp. as one of three companies that will design dealership facilities for gm 's new saturn corp. car line .
i say no , but this convinces her i am . the camera is rolling into place , and my three lines vanish from memory .
it takes a little getting used to , this tv adaptation of the lengthy eugene o'neill play . the characters not only speak their lines , they also speak their thoughts .
olivetti , europe 's second-largest supplier of personal computers , was `` trying to convince everybody that whatever ibm { international business machines corp. , the first-ranking supplier } can do , they can do better , '' recalls customer john heaps , deputy general manager of britannia building society , a british thrift institution . the olivetti sales pitch succeeded a few weeks later , britannia spent # 4 million ( $ 7.2 million ) on a new line of olivetti personal computers for its tellers .
he turned away and asked for a telephone number . jane gates was instantly on the line .
our walk through the dense vegetation of the reserve was accompanied by the loud cries of multicolored macaws flying overhead . other brightly colored birds perched in the trees around us , and industrious `` leaf-cutter '' ants formed moving green lines that wandered on and off of the trail before us .
among other allegations , the treasury said heublein obtained an agreement from a large restaurant chain with outlets in california , arizona and washington state requiring that heublein 's inglenook brand be used exclusively as the house wine . retail dealers in connecticut , illinois , texas , california and other states were provided freezers as an incentive to purchase a new heublein line of distilled spirits , and the company installed keg wine equipment to induce retailers in new jersey to purchase its brand of keg wine , the treasury said .
a spokesman said the company was `` very pleased '' with the results . in addition to continuing strong sales of the company 's current line of dbase database management software and multimate word-processing products , he cited an `` important contribution '' from the fullwrite professional word-processing package .
broadway jeep/eagle in denver , colo. , for example , sells about 3,000 new jeeps a year , but less than 300 cars . `` we do n't really have much of a car line anymore , '' laments steve segal , the dealership 's general manager .
in 1986 , 40 % of all accountants and auditors in the u.s. were women , up from virtually none 20 years ago . the wait in the fasb ladies ' room line capped some recent experiences that convinced me that the `` glass ceiling '' that supposedly keeps women from rising above a certain level in corporations because they are women is a lot of baloney .
but they are also trying to soft-pedal the price increases -- by scattering them all over the window sticker , ending discounts on options and putting last year 's middle-of-the-lineup name on this year 's base model . consider the strategy general motors corp. is using on the soon-to-be-introduced 1990 version of its high-volume chevrolet corsica line .
terms were n't disclosed , but industry sources said the price was about $ 2.5 million . the sale includes the rights to germaine monteil in north and south america and in the far east , as well as the worldwide rights to the diane von furstenberg cosmetics and fragrance lines and u.s. distribution rights to lancaster beauty products .
< p > @ orange-co inc. , a citrus grower , processor and shipper , acquired its first juice line by purchasing premium juices of florida inc. , lakeland , fla .
fiscal 1987 results were sharply lower than prior years because of a slumping market for add-on computer circuit boards -- which then was ast 's principal line of business . the climb in this year 's revenue , the company said , is due to the popularity of ast 's line of personal computers , which in the last year and a half has changed the company into one of the largest makers of personal computers .
to gather this wisdom , prof. cunningham first sent operatives out into the field to test a variety of conversation starters on the patrons of chicago singles bars . then , in a lab setting , he gauged the reaction of 40 men and 47 women to specific lines , including `` would you like to listen to my compact disks ? `` participants were asked to rate one another according to 13 criteria as they used the lines did the speaker seem shrewd or naive ?
it does deprive the awsj of 4,600 copies ' worth of sales and advertising , as it is intended to do . the editorial stated that the awsj `` has already published a series of letters from officials , '' but `` self-respecting editors must somewhere draw a line . ''
these divisions include bassett walker , a maker of sweat suits and related apparel ; vanity fair , a lingerie maker ; and modern globe , an underwear maker . mr. pugh said vf has completed its integration of blue bell 's apparel operations and now is working on `` reestablishing the identity '' of the wrangler jeans brand while continuing to expand market share for rustler , blue bell 's other jeans line .
magnet extended banking hours at the branches on friday and saturday . after mr. wall 's statement was released and distributed by magnet officials , some of the lines thinned at the branches .
`` they do n't brag about their kids or make you watch slides of their vacations '' says the headline of one ad , which shows two couples partying together . another ad features a photo of a father and his adult son and the line , `` you used to hate it when he told you what to do .
many customers seem to have been won over , and ibm unveiled some products last week that consultants said should confirm that view . some of the products were enhancements for ibm 's so-called private branch exchanges that make the telephone switches mesh better with the siemens line .
whenever they appear , the applications will finally bring to a head a simmering war of words between ibm and its competitors , notably compaq computer corp. of houston . ibm has been saying it thinks the new software will run faster on its new line of computers than on competitors ' , but compaq and others have said ibm was just blowing smoke .
but plenty of l.a. 's budding restaurateurs are showing less restraint . don taco , home of the pastrami rice bowl , now features a full line of chinese burritos , while one of the don 's principal rivals , the oki dog , offers the oki dog , a chili-doused and tortilla-wrapped frankfurter .
frances hodgson burnett left england as a child in the 1850s , and started writing sentimental tales about her homeland while living in a kentucky log cabin -- which may account for their idealized sweetness . unfortunately , despite its excellent cast , this hallmark hall of fame presentation crosses the fine line that divides the sweet from the saccharine .
burnt by early-1980s problems of excess capacity , a stagnant market and poor profit margins , chemical manufacturers shed plants and products drastically until about two years ago , when the restructuring began to show modest profits . now companies have entered a holding pattern -- cautiously finding ways to increase output with minor adjustments , expanding specialty lines where they have little competition , and beginning to diversify into related products .
since no one else was interested in handling the project , the district manager let her take it on in addition to her other responsibilities . when she succeeded with that line , she took on several other small products .
if siegfried jerusalem was an unusually agile loge ( wotan 's chief counsel ) , the chief god himself was unusually inert . james morris delivered his lines with a penetrating baritonal glint , but he has not yet finished growing into this significant role , and his oddly tatty costume did not help him look important .
`` they 're in never-never land . `` the new clothing lines may not be different enough to give sears an edge .
public ownership is an issue now in part because dealerships have changed so much in recent years . in the 1950s , when the number of dealerships nationally was twice what it is today , dealers tied their fortunes to single franchises , pitching chevys , fords or plymouths to the exclusion of other car lines .
officials of the company said it will use the new chip as the heart of new models of its 4300 series of workstations , which are capable of producing three-dimensional , full-color graphic images used in computer-aided engineering and design . an earlier generation of microprocessors made by motorola powers tektronix 's existing line of technical workstations .
cosmetics giant estee lauder inc. is making its first foray into regional marketing with an unusual strategy to sell products designed specifically for the west coast and japan . the cosmetics company 's aramis division plans to launch a line of men 's fragrances next month -- called new west -- that will be sold in california for six months , and then marketed in japan .
< p > @ the u.s. unit of sony corp. of japan introduced a line of portable audio products designed for children .
< p > @ prab robots inc. said westinghouse electric corp. 's unimation inc. unit agreed in principle to license prab to make , sell and service unimation 's line of hydraulic unimate industrial robots in north and south america .
the reagan administration , however , is n't completely satisfied with such disclaimers . u.s. officials are checking to see whether some japanese producers are quietly stashing away chips for new computer lines and not reporting these inventories to the miti .
no one , least of all mr. hall , would say that the answers are all in on the future of the dtc . but for the moment he can afford to take a deep breath and maybe even sing one of randy newman 's lines from a song in `` all the king 's men '' i 'm all right now .
an oscar mayer spokesman said the status of the employees has n't been determined . cargill 's accord follows an industry trend in which the big packers are expanding into the meat lines that are being abandoned by less efficient operators .
we did n't give john-john the award for all time , but just for 1988. take a look at the cover line again , and take comfort from it .
new customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to wang 's long-term viability , are even tougher . rick lynch , a former top salesman in wang 's boston office , referring to wang 's mainstay computer line , says `` you ca n't sell a vs to a new customer . ''
experts estimated the purchase price at one billion markkas ( $ 248.5 million ) . the transaction included sel 's television-tube and loudspeaker lines , the company said .
indeed , it is rumored that some firms in new york at times dispense entirely with lengthy bills and detailed per-hour calculations . clients reportedly get a one-page bill on which is written a single line .
`` grandfather believed in the straight-and-simple method of fishing . just a basic green line wrapped around a wooden rack with cloth from an old shirt or handkerchief used as lure . ''
but putting the celestial seasonings imprimatur on mixed seasonings , salad dressings -- and even cosmetics -- proved a blunder . last year , with celestial barely profitable despite $ 38 million of sales , kraft sold the line to a management group .
fixed-income funds should attract the lion 's share of sales but some say by a lower margin than past years because of low rates . new toys abound , many of them high tech , as fantasy lines decline .
the company insisted the change was n't related to an 81 % drop in third-quarter profit , which fell to $ 1.5 million , or 14 cents a share , from $ 8 million , or $ 1.03 a share , a year earlier . the poor results were attributed to higher cotton prices and costs associated with the introduction of a new line of stain-resistant carpet .
mr. irons turns in a pair of bravura performances as the twins , but neither of them redeem this somber piece of work . poor genevieve bujold , the drug-snorting , authentically canadian actress who comes between them , is required to say lines like this , with a straight face `` i 've been bad , i need to be punished . ''
mr. henson said `` our better-than-expected earnings can be attributed to a surge in orders late in the quarter , '' and cost controls . in february , he warned analysts to expect flat results because customers were holding off purchases while waiting for a new line of machines to become available .
a week ago , ross said it expected to report a net loss of about $ 42 million for the fiscal year ended feb. 1. the expected loss results , in large part , from a fourth-period pre-tax charge of about $ 40 million to cover the closings of 25 stores and discontinuation of some poorly performing merchandise lines .
they came sputtering to the surface , abelseth hopelessly snarled in some rope from somewhere . he had to free his hands to untangle the line , and his cousin and brother-in-law were washed away .
< p > @ international business machines corp. introduced some long-awaited software that will make its current line of mainframes run a bit faster and will open the way for far more sophisticated applications .
anyway , `` the standard now exists independently of ibm , '' suggests rod canion , compaq president . as these companies see it , the ibm pc line of computers is by now so entrenched and so much software has been written for it , that even if ibm were to stop making computers tomorrow others would pick up the ibm standard .
i may need you . `` bill sinclair came on the line .
the microprocessor is a complex of integrated circuits on one silicon chip that performs the computer 's basic computations . mr. canion was cautious , however , about drawing conclusions regarding the success of the new ibm line .
mr. mcdonald maintains that prime 's $ 500-million-a-year computer service business generates enough cash to pay the interest . he said prime 's fast-growing computerized design business may get more r & d funding , and that the proprietary series 50 minicomputer line will be able to cut costs .
gould was suspended from bidding on government jobs because of alleged improprieties in setting prices . the move by the gsa comes as gould is trying to sell its defense lines .
during mr. gray 's tenure at united technologies , the company bet billions of dollars on two new engines that , so far at least , are n't paying off . mr. gray canceled a third engine project , leaving a gaping hole in pratt & whitney 's line that fancy engineering footwork permitted ge to fill .
< p > @ storage technology corp. said it unveiled a new line of impact printers capable of printing between 2,100 and 5,000 lines a minute .
but a recent case suggests patents can be obtained quickly enough to deter ripoffs . it took only nine months for avia group international , a unit of reebok international ltd. , to get a patent on a line of running shoes .
george ackerman resigned the position to pursue other interests . mr. pillow had been executive vice president of merchandising for the apparel line .
mr. ostrander `` has complete knowledge of aris 's confidential plans for developing the market for the comfort slipper , '' as well as `` those suppliers aris has discovered to be the most efficient and reliable , '' the company contends in its suit . aris also contends that r.g . barry recently introduced a line of foot soother slippers that are `` a direct copy '' of its comfort slipper .
and a successful trip blighted only by boring banquets and ballets is n't the stuff of a dramatic opera . `` nixon in china '' unfolds like a sappy picture book , once we stop being mildly amazed seeing familiar-looking politicos turning into tenors and delivering such lines as `` your flight was smooth , i hope ? `` ( chou en-lai ) `` oh , yes , smooooooother than most '' ( nixon ) .
< p > @ international business machines corp. unveiled two models in its sierra mainframe line and increased the power of its existing mainframes , while cutting prices on some of those units .
she is from a political family her mother , a member of the school board in manchester for 13 years , worked in the presidential campaigns of wilbur mills and lyndon johnson here , and miss reardon remembers licking envelopes for a democratic gubernatorial candidate at age four . `` from the grubby , 'what-do-i-get-out-of-it ? ' view of politics , there 's a long line of people who are ahead of me in the hart campaign , '' says miss reardon , who is interested in arms-control issues , troubled by the deficit and opposed to operation of the nuclear power plant at seabrook .
vw dealers in the u.s. hailed the change as a much-needed breath of fresh air for an automotive organization on its knees . `` i think volkswagen has a really tough time competing in the u.s. and they 're going to have to assess how they can realistically keep up here , '' said j. rick hendrick iii , a big north carolina dealer who sells vw 's volkswagen and audi lines .
raytheon said results were aided by higher earnings in electronics , particularly in its defense business , and in its energy services division , which was restructured last year . the company said its major appliance division , which includes amana refrigerators , was essentially unchanged , while its aircraft products line `` continued to be affected by weak market conditions . ''
robins 's profitable over-the-counter brands would be the primary attraction for any acquirer . analysts estimate that the consumer lines account for almost 50 % of robins 's sales and possibly as much as 60 % of profit .
annual revenue of general interest dial-up services total about $ 186 million , estimates information industry bulletin , a stamford , conn. , industry newsletter . that compares with dial-a-porn revenue of $ 54 million and revenue of about $ 90 million from so-called gab lines , where customers call up and chat with others who are on the line . gab lines have a reputation only slightly better than dial-a-porn among some parents because teen-agers run up steep phone bills talking for hours .
wow said it will continue to develop new toys , and will unveil its 1988 products at the new york toy fair in february . the spokeswoman would n't discuss the planned products , but said wow plans to broaden its line by offering more lower-priced toys .
but otherwise , he says , `` i 'm not sure we should regulate '' many off-exchange transactions . exchanges say the line should be firm .
he had come from beatrice cos. , where he headed the consumer durables group . at black & decker , he found aging , inefficient plants , shabby sales efforts , and an undernourished line of small household appliances recently acquired from general electric co .
set apart by a white picket fence , a neat little house sat securely on a patch of green lawn . but the truck had n't stopped , and as they passed she had noticed that clothes were blowing on a line behind the house .
solutions from france were n't much help . canadians use the north american `` qwerty '' keyboard , named for the sequence of keys on the top line of letters .
the 1923 classic mr. feshbach touted once again is making the late , legendary jesse livermore a cult figure . the notorious stock-market speculator from 1891 to 1940 probably is best remembered for the line , `` i never argue with the tape . ''
moreover , the high-performance operating system , called os/2 , that can tap the full power of the new machines wo n't be available until at least 1988. vernon yates , a vice president of ncr and general manager of the personal computer division , acknowledged that the company is making the early announcement of the line in response to ibm 's new machines .
the structure of the partnership also allowed the group to bypass federal antitrust regulations that would have prohibited the members from easily accumulating a large position in koppers stock ; yesterday , the group disclosed that it held a 7.45 % stake in the company . by joining the hostile bid , shearson stepped over the line investment banks have long considered but rarely , if ever , crossed .
do n't call back . keep this line open !
sluggish sales of the beretta and corsica spurred gm to offer $ 800 rebates on those cars . the corsica and beretta make up the highest-volume car line at chevrolet , but sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34.2 % early this month .
< p > @ boeing co. 's second-quarter net income jumped 20 % on stronger revenue , but the world 's leading aircraft maker stressed that it continues `` to face significant challenges and risks '' in both its commercial and military lines .
they put up with appalling and often dangerous conditions because other jobs are hard to come by and because the pay , while low by u.s. standards , goes a long way back home . danilo pineda , a filipino ship 's cook , says that in manila the lines of seafarers at manning agencies are growing longer .
the talks , first reported in crain 's chicago business , mark an apparent attempt by the two companies to expand joint marketing efforts . last year , chicago-based sears launched its mckids line of children 's clothing under an exclusive licensing agreement with oak brook , ill.-based mcdonald 's . sears officials consider the line successful , with annual sales now estimated to exceed $ 100 million .
after the swim meet my wife and i watched as my daughter danced at a team get-together . it made me remember parish-house dances when we boys would wait in line to dance slow numbers with a prematurely endowed girl named anne . i checked the dance floor for my daughter -- no lines were forming , yet .
just now , though , the two industries are more apart than together . some analysts contend , moreover , that at & t can do better computerizing its phone network than creating its own line of computers .
< p > @ ibm is expected to unveil a much different line of pcs next month in a risky bid to reclaim market share .
the buyers cosmetics and fragrance companies . revlon group inc. purchases the diane von furstenberg fragrances from beecham group plc , while sanofi inc. buys distribution rights to the nina ricci line from american cyanamid co .
revenue from telephone operations increased 7 % to $ 634.6 million , while long-distance connection services surged 10.5 % to $ 327.9 million . william l. weiss , ameritech 's chairman and chief executive officer , said the company had its `` largest telephone-line increase ever , '' a 2.5 % jump for a total of 371,000 lines installed .
finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still yelling `` i find myself explaining anything to teddy kennedy , you 'll be chasing stolen cars in anchorage . `` in fact , throughout `` mancuso fbi , '' we do n't get words or lines -- we get speeches .
while such power is of interest only to the largest customers , the 100-mips mark is `` a milestone -- both for the industry and for amdahl , '' according to robert djurdjevic , president of annex research , a phoenix , ariz.-based computer industry consulting firm . mr. djurdjevic said amdahl 's new machine `` may force ibm to provide enhancements to its 3090 line sooner than they had intended . ''
e-ii , to be headed by former esmark chairman donald p. kelly , is an offshoot of closely held beatrice . the new company , which contains beatrice 's non-food businesses , such as samsonite luggage and stiffel lamps , and some smaller specialty-food lines , will be used primarily as a vehicle for acquisitions .
-- - your writers remind us the problem cuts across all socioeconomic lines , affects all age groups , and results in staggering human and financial losses .
wolverine world wide had posted a 1986 loss of $ 12.6 million , largely attributable to a $ 9 million charge caused by the restructuring . the consolidation , which mr. gleason credits for the company 's turnaround , also led to the closing of five midwest and new england shoe factories , the sale of the kaepa athletic shoe line to a management group , the sale of retail linen stores and a management restructuring .
< p > @ after months of angst in the computer industry and seemingly endless rumors , international business machines corp. finally will introduce its new line of personal computers on thursday .
since then , they have amended their misguided messages and bombarded the market with new advertisements . now , at the end of each commercial , pacific telesis tells viewers , `` we 're in the business to move information and keep it moving over telephone lines , over cellular systems , over computer networks we design . ''
someone identifying himself as a security officer phoned the newsroom saying he intended to kill the editor . obscene shouting often bursts on the line in the middle of phone calls .
d.c. staley , chairman , said the results `` are within our expectations , '' although the rate of growth in net income has been `` slowed somewhat due to investments and expenditures intended to improve nynex 's long term financial outlook . `` the company had 14.3 million access lines in service at the end of the quarter , up 3.2 % from the year earlier period .
damage was extensive and it was n't known how long the plant would be closed . peter beutel , analyst for elders futures , inc. , new york , commented that the plant 's shutdown `` wo n't create lines at the gasoline pumps , but it will tighten supplies . ''
how is it going to be closed again ? who 's going to draw the line ?
world-wide manufacturing compounds the problem . clothing from the same line often is produced in several countries , making it difficult for apparel companies to offer goods of consistent quality .
mattel inc. , hawthorne , calif. , named joseph s. whitaker as senior vice president , marketing , with responsibility for its lines of boys ' toys .
in any case , the ibm announcement , coming on top of hewlett-packard 's recent introduction , should accelerate the move to laser printers , which are faster and quieter and print neater than dot-matrix printers , but which have been too expensive for some tastes . that certainly means more convenience for many users , who now may have to walk across the office to wait in line to print a letter on a laser printer .
at dallas-based j.c. penney co. , which has increased its dependence on fashion merchandise , same-store sales rose 9.7 % against a 2.5 % decrease a year ago . william r. howell , chairman , said the strongest gains resulted from children 's merchandise , but noted that all apparel lines had substantial increases .
zayre corp. , whose earnings and stock value have been held down by its discount store operations , plans to sell a portion of its specialty stores to the public . analysts said the move will raise cash for the framingham , mass.-based retailer and boost its stock value by highlighting the success of its off-price specialty retail lines .
ms. richards had them rolling in the aisles with her lacerating jibes at george bush 's silver foot in the mouth , etc . not to mention the best and the brightest of them -- the ginger rogers line -- which brought down the house .
and i can tell you that i 'm an absolute nervous wreck every time she performs . i have her practice the last two lines on each page , so i can learn exactly when to turn the page -- just one of the tricks to this trade that i 've learned the hard way .
ibm , which gets some $ 6 billion of its $ 60 billion of revenue from such drives , is expected to decide soon on how to proceed . ibm needs to get the drives out soon because competitors have caught up with ibm 's current line , and ibm must once again leapfrog them if it is to escape the price war that has developed .
many diploma-mill customers know exactly what they are getting , but diane ravitch , a professor of history and education at teachers college at columbia university , believes that others may not . as the number of night schools and correspondence classes has risen , she says , the line between real and bogus schools has become `` blurrier . ''
that was all she was permitted to say . the line went dead .
ibm also boosted the 9370 's prospects by announcing products that will let it attach to a token-ring network , which will help it communicate with other ibm computers . in addition , ibm announced products that will make it easier to group 9370s , to have a 9370 dial into a central computer through telephone lines and to update a 9370 's software from a remote location .
mr. howard reports that alliance entertainment has paid a $ 10,000 option toward a $ 200,000 purchase if it likes the script treatment . the caf line is the eight-year-old reprint house for such sturdy modern masters as donald barthelme , william kennedy and laurie colwin .
the three weeks of stagnation indicate how far mr. gorbachev may have to go in eradicating the curse of soviet and russian reformers . that curse is best expressed by pushkin 's immortal closing line of `` boris godunov '' '' the people are silent . ''
at 1300 we were met by a minesweeper , sent to a predesignated point to guide us through the mine-infested waters to lorient . some of our seamen prepared white pennants and hoisted them on a line fastened to the protruding periscope head .
within the next six months , shoppers will find the master choice name on teas , pastas , sauces and salad dressings . a & p , which had $ 9.6 billion in sales last year , envisions ultimately a line of more than 100 products in about two dozen categories , mr. rourke says .
-- - nissan motor is cutting prices on a key compact car line in a bid to boost its u.s. market share at the expense of the big three and other rivals .
< p > @ miniscribe corp. said it reached an agreement calling for computerland corp. to carry a line of miniscribe 's hard disk drives in its retail stores .
< p > @ sun microsystems inc. is slated to introduce today a new line of high-performance workstations that provide the horsepower of conventional minicomputers costing 10 times as much .
< p > @ ncr corp. introduced a new line of minicomputers for linking networks of personal computers or terminals in offices .
the spokeswoman added that the company is notifying existing policyholders their policies will be canceled in 60 days . she said liberty is n't writing any new workers ' compensation policies in the state but it will continue to handle other lines .
mr. gibbons could n't be reached for comment . the new line is drawing less-than-radiant reviews in some quarters .
< p > @ hyundai motor america said it raised the base price on its line of 1989 excel subcompact models as much as 3.4 % .
so the company 's southern bell unit in atlanta and its south central bell unit in new orleans have been installing hundreds of miles of fiber optic cable ; preparing links from inside the convention centers to satellite relay trucks that will be parked outside ; installing public phones with special jacks to accommodate data transmission on laptop computers ; and putting in new cells to handle the hundreds of cellular phones that many news organizations plan to bring . southern bell has been furiously installing about 3,600 lines at the world congress center in atlanta for the democratic convention starting today .
a few will be wildly successful -- but far more will fail . `` commercial toy companies might introduce a total of about 40 lines a year , '' says henry orenstein , the owner of toy builders , which develops toy ideas and advises toy makers .
he removed the tape and the glass , setting them carefully on the roof next to the molding . at the same time , sally opened a small metal box she had been carrying and took out a long line with several fishhooks tied to one end .
but michael kennedy , a food analyst at ids financial services , believes the burger development is emblematic of hormel innovations . mr. ramey is more excited about the top shelf line , which packages microwavable meat entrees in multilayered plastic that acts like a can .
`` i see no reason why this course should not be followed , '' rep. ted weiss commented predictably . consumer advocate sidney wolfe recited a familiar line from memory `` american families are too important to be left to a reagan administration that seems to give deference to the drug industry . ''
he adds that only about 50 % of the financial planners affiliated with the company work on commission anyway ; the others work for a fee . the series brings up yet again the controversy over paid programming , which can blur the line between news and advertising .
-- mr. breeden said the regulation system could be strengthened by improving coordination among regulators . the sec and the commodity futures trading commission `` should try to develop mutually acceptable proposals to define product and jurisdictional lines , '' he said , and the lack of clarity in determining jurisdiction `` does adversely affect u.s . competitiveness . ''
its greatness is that it laid the foundation for a system in which future generations could carry out their own reforms and solve their own problems . today , watching south korea struggle to establish the most minimal republican institutions -- or watching france limp along with two men in charge because nobody ever drew the line between the executive and legislative branches -- we can only marvel at our forefathers ' accomplishments .
separately , a federal appeals court in new york dealt the dial-a-porn business another setback , affirming long-contested regulations that make it harder to dial raunchy phone tapes . the two developments are the latest shots in a bitter battle over dial-a-porn , which is becoming widespread both on at & t and local phone-company lines .
three years ago , that all changed . doraville was selected to build a new line of midsized coupes , code-named `` gm-10 '' and costing $ 5 billion to develop .
historically , ibm remains flexible until the last possible moment on the pricing and configuration of a new product , so the industry sources caution that their information is somewhat speculative . though ibm 's new line of personal computers has done moderately well , it is by no means certain that a new low-end machine would succeed .
< p > @ brokerage houses are rolling out a new line of defensive investment products and strategies to appeal to investors still quaking from the oct. 19 stock-market crash .
the small health and beauty aids concern said its filing listed assets of $ 1.6 million and liabilities of $ 1.2 million . it said it will continue to sell its line of solid perfumes , disposable thermometers and other products .
the company said it acquired the pizza business when its consumer products unit , dial corp. , bought the consumer products division of purex industries three years ago for an undisclosed amount . ellio 's was dial 's only line of frozen-food products .
unisys said it probably would n't start shipping its new unix machines until the middle of next year . unisys ' new mid-range computer to be unveiled next week will be a version of its 1100 line long sold by sperry corp. , according to mr. blumenthal .
mr. kelly 's compensation and share of the profit is more than $ 16 million , according to beatrice documents . little remains of beatrice except its lines of hunt tomato products , wesson cooking oils and swift meats .
it 's a lesson that has n't escaped gruene 's well-heeled competition . aramis , which rolled out its lab series line of unscented men 's grooming products three years ago , focuses on skin problems caused by shaving , such as razor burn .
`` i like to feel comfortable with doing good while i go about doing what i do well , '' he asserts . mr. delfin , who has the born salesman 's easy grin and smooth line of patter , is now focusing on raising money for the red cross 's disaster relief fund , which totals about $ 30 million a year .
mr. schafer moves quickly to suit his shoppers ' tastes . when the aids epidemic struck , he introduced a line of key chains bearing plastic-encased condoms and the message , `` in case of aids , break glass . `` when saks fifth avenue made a splash with s.f.a . t-shirts , south of the border 's t-shirt shop introduced the s.o.b . fashion line .
apparently , the only other rebate that matches yugo 's in scale is audi of america inc. 's $ 4,000 rebate on its $ 22,180 audi 5000 models . that is an acknowledged fire-sale for a model scarred by allegations of unintended acceleration , and the company , a unit of volkswagen ag , is discontinuing that line .
lately , consultants have had a field day ridiculing unwieldy new corporate names like allegis and trinova . but the most criticized name seems to be honda motor co. 's acura car line .
< p > @ storage technology corp. added two new storage systems to its line of disk drives for mainframe computers .
< p > @ international business machines corp. will introduce an improved line of telephone-switching devices next tuesday , according to industry sources .
development of sophisticated computer data bases is fueling telemarketing 's growth , says the conference board 's earl bailey . briefs a line of shoes for pregnant women from thorpe shoe is called `` o.b .
we are neither seeking or soliciting offers. '' mr . smilow said the company will go ahead with previously disclosed plans to sell its jhirmack inc. hair-care line .
a pentagon spokesman says , `` we have no specific solutions for doe . `` the line at the nsc is , `` doe has the lead on that right now . ''
the unit , based in fort washington , pa. , has three manufacturing plants and about 1,100 employees . ralston , based in st. louis , said beechnut fits into its array of other food lines , including such cereals for children as cookie crisp .
< p > @ digital equipment corp. , as expected , introduced two low-priced computers in its vax line .
designing a product for able-bodied people so it 's also useful to the handicapped sometimes requires only imagination , not much money , as can be seen in a couple of recent innovations . standard software for apple computer inc. 's macintosh line includes a file called `` easy access '' for people who ca n't type with both hands or have trouble manipulating the mouse .
precise terms were n't disclosed . lakewood , which serves 1,275 access lines in a 25-square-mile territory in eastern pennsylvania , had revenue last year of about $ 750,000 . lakewood will become the fifth pennsylvania telephone company purchased by rochester , n.y.-based rochester telephone , giving it a total of 26,000 access lines served throughout the state .
< p > @ at & t will announce today a technology accord with sun microsystems that is intended to help at & t develop a new line of high-performance minicomputers and workstations .
its new line , priced substantially below the vax , runs on unix operating software with chips from mips computer systems inc. at first , digital could n't come up with a clear marketing theme for the two lines .
other companies , however , once again are going with the unknown . to push its dyno-riders line of toys , tyco rejected the cartoon concept as `` too big a chance , '' according to michael lyden , tyco 's vice president of business development .
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , cincinnati bell fell 25 cents to $ 29 . the company said that the number of access lines dropped slightly in the quarter , a decline attributed to seasonal fluctuations . for the year , however , access lines in service have increased 5.5 % .
she said many customers who use larger digital systems also will buy the low-priced vax computers because they can run the same software the larger systems do . digital said it has scheduled a news conference in boston for next tuesday to announce `` two new major additions to '' its vax line .
the two companies also left unanswered the question of which computer design will prevail -- always a touchy issue among proud engineers . mr. poduska told the analysts that the two lines will be fully compatible by early 1991 .
crystal brands ' recent consumer research found mostly favorable reaction to the alligator , but the company has decided not to plaster it on everything in sight . it 's especially scarce in the women 's line where fashionability is far more important than a logo .
torpedoman 1st class jesse duncan was lowered to hook up the new cable . but as he followed the wire down , his lines got fouled in those belonging to the chamber .
misprision is one thing ; cocksure , quick-on-the-trigger judgments are another . it is a narrow line we walk , always , between help and hindrance .
men tumbled from their stations along the deck and the sails spilled their wind . below him , he could see the proa , shattered but still afloat , against the starboard bow , men scrambling up lines they somehow had managed to attach to rapid .
but the company is finding synergy between beer and the snack-food business a tougher nut to crack . anheuser expects its eagle brand snack line to lose at least $ 10 million this year , and mr. ritter would n't estimate for analysts when the line might become profitable .
`` that 's the customer we felt we were not serving properly before , '' says mr. wellman , the marketing vice president . aiming at that market , k mart plans early next year to start selling an exclusive line of stylish kitchen , bedroom and bath items bearing mrs. stewart 's name .
lifelines had been fastened across the deck . the two quartermasters at the wheel had taken turns of line about their waists and secured the ends to ringbolts in the deck .
naturally , when the cubs won the pennant in 1932 , we wanted to see a world series game , '' he goes on . `` the first one in chicago was on a saturday , and chester and i got to the ballpark friday night to get in line for tickets .
they will use their new-found conga skills to guide a horde of challengers tomorrow on the royal gorge bridge in southern colorado . lorraine payne , who helped arrange the line in edmonton , claims she saw the men looking for potential snags and taking photographs at her event .
< p > @ warnaco inc. said it is in the final stages of negotiations with french fashion designer emanuel ungaro for licensing rights to his line of intimate apparel .
cboe and philadelphia exchange officials could n't be reached . leo melamed , special counsel to the chicago mercantile exchange , which is expected to reap increased stock-index and foreign currency futures business from the japanese , said , `` it appears they 're drawing the line between retail and institutional business . ''
in the slalom , skiers whizzed around buoys behind boats going 36 mph for the men and 34 mph for the woman ( it 's a bigger difference than it seems , i was told ) , shortening their ropes on every pass until everyone got wet . jumpers soared for distance off a six-foot ramp after playing crack-the-whip with their tow lines .
some japanese-made microwave ovens that used to cost about $ 235 now go for a little over $ 130 . sanyo electric co. replaced a line of $ 700 small refrigerators with a new one starting around $ 470 .
the dialer sets off a series of impulses that race electronically toward any given number . once the phone is answered , the apparatus locks and an experienced technician , knowing where to look , can figure out where the call originates , but only so long as the caller remains on the line .
automatic call processors will provide that system for virtually any telephone , mr. pierce said , not just phones produced by elcotel . the company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones , which do n't accept coins , for use in hotel lobbies , office lobbies , hospitality lounges and similar settings .
`` the woman would simply ask to be connected with my office . you 'd talk with her and she would tell you what she wanted to see me about so then i 'd get on the line .
hasbro 's transformers action figures , which had sales of $ 335 million last year , will decline to about $ 195 million in 1986 , the company said . and hawthorne , calif.-based mattel inc. said that sales of its masters of the universe characters will decline `` significantly '' from 1985 sales of about $ 400 million for the line .
executives here also said that at & t is considering manufacturing its own facsimile machines and could someday make its own personal computers . at & t recently agreed to have a new line of personal computers made by intel corp .
he would look a fool if he needed his vehicle and was unable to call it to his assistance by passing instructions to hal . the door of the pod swung open , and he drifted slowly out into the silence of space , his safety line unreeling behind him .
on weekdays , there 's often no wait . but on stella link road during a typical saturday rush recently , the line to get into the minit-lube service bay was at least an hour long .
megaquest is also a big player in the clean side of the dial-it market , such as taped jokes . but its biggest business is in the industry 's hottest and most controversial new area the `` gab '' line , a service that dozens of people can dial at once to talk to one another . gab lines bring in about 70 % of megaquest 's revenue . about three-fourths of all the 400-odd gab lines in the u.s. today are megaquest 's , mr. eisenberg says .
gm said the decision to delay adding a second production shift at janesville `` reflects a recent downturn in the total medium-duty truck business . `` the janesville plant is building a new line of gm medium-duty trucks , to be sold as the gmc topkick and the chevrolet kodiak .
ebaugh , the show 's creator . `` earthbeat 's '' activism will be reflected in its use of telephone lines to record viewers ' opinions on issues and perhaps invite them to add their names to `` electronic petitions '' to be sent to politicians or corporations .
`` since we felt the pinch in the early 1980s , we 've become much more consumer-oriented , '' says james preston , president of avon 's beauty group . to its distress , avon learned a few years ago that many women considered its makeup line `` stodgy , '' its gift products overpriced and its jewelry unfashionable .
as part of the restructuring , interlake also said it intends to focus on its core businesses , including powder metals , aerospace components , and storage and handling products . it plans to divest itself of unrelated lines , but it did n't specify what they are .
mr. timmeny , now in private practice in washington , is frequently hired by corporate boards in such situations . that `` bright line , '' he says , is a company 's formal concensus to go after an acquisition . mr. timmeny says that individual traders within a company may reach that line before the company itself .
but it also said jal and government transport authorities failed to detect the flaws during several routine inspections . the report said the boeing work crew inserted a single line of rivets to the bulkhead when repairing a broken tail section , instead of a double line as required .
but a former chun government official said there was `` nothing approaching a power struggle after the inauguration of the new president . `` others say mr. roh has been walking a fine line in the post-chun period between his own political interests and loyalty to the old friend and fellow general whom he helped bring to power in 1979 .
conoco is a unit of wilmington , del.-based du pont co. basf , a unit of basf ag of west germany , is a major supplier of private-brand antifreeze/coolant with annual sales of about $ 90 million to $ 100 million for that line .
but their opinion is clearly not shared by large numbers of the soviet public . since mr. glazunov 's latest exhibition opened in moscow this summer , thousands have been flocking to the palace of youth , waiting in line for hours to get in .
richard lederer writes in verbatim , the language quarterly , that a version of the song in early french had the suitor offering only a partridge , or une pertriz . a 1718 english version combined partridge and pertriz so that the line came out sounding like a partridge in a pear tree .
that 's because the intel 80386-sx is more powerful than the 80286 used in the recently unveiled machine , even though the micro channel is supposed to be best-suited for powerful machines . ibm 's defenders say the company is merely trying to get back into a part of the market that it abandoned too quickly when it introduced the ps/2 line a year and a half ago .
after the end of the year , all of gm 's conventional medium-duty trucks will be built at the janesville facility , the company said . gm said production of its old line of conventional medium-duty trucks at the pontiac central facility in pontiac , mich. , will be cut to one shift from two , beginning sept. 16 .
various colored twines , cords and ropes , available since the popularity of macrame , are also usable . you may , however , choose freely from butcher 's twine , mason line , nylon and plastic twine .
computer automation inc. is an obscure , thinly traded california company that has been plunged into a patent controversy in the fractious personal computer market . at issue is a computer automation design that international business machines corp. quietly arranged to use inside its new line of personal computers , the ps/2 .
< p > @ research industries corp. said a federal judge here upheld its right to sell a line of open-heart surgical catheters in a patent-infringement suit against it by minnesota mining & manufacturing co .
we are made anxious by the juxtaposition of substance with froth -- and for a good reason . public tv is one of those twilight zones in which the lines between `` high '' and `` low '' culture are at their blurriest .
canada dry reported a $ 2.3 million loss in 1986. the acquisition complements the international strengths of its schweppes line of mixers , cadbury said .
`` by god , we 've done it ! `` the tug moves slowly astern to keep the nylon line taut .
according to one current school of opinion , love is no longer compatible with female self-respect . this opinion is reflected in the scene where molly fails to get a rise out of her psychiatrist until she blurts out the line about still loving fred .
this was a nebraska where `` carriage and conestoga wagon alike wallowed to the hubs in the black mud , '' where the arikara and the sioux and the comanches were `` angered at the slaughter of the buffalo , at the steel rails pointing west . `` many of the volumes in the bison line are like `` the lieutenant 's lady , '' best sellers reclaimed from the past through photographic reproductions of earlier editions .
mr. werner , a 27-year-old litigation specialist with kirkpatrick & lockhart , also described how a firm might review the work of a young associate named abraham lincoln `` about your work habits you ca n't turn in your speech on the back of an envelope . . . . and this first line , 'fourscore and seven years . '
instead of pushing hot new funds through performance rankings , companies are now emphasizing diversification . and with many investors unable to get through clogged telephone lines during the crash , companies are stressing service .
the designer lines , of course , have no single look , but rather reflect the styles of the decorators , ranging from 18th and 19th century reproductions to sleek , modern furnishings . century furniture co. is typical of the traditional furniture makers that have introduced decorator lines .
some celebrities doing commercial announcements try hard to keep it a secret . actress kathleen turner read the lines in a fab laundry detergent commercial earlier this year , and her contract specified that her identity remain confidential .
syria expressed support for a rival government declared friday by its moslem allies after gemayel 's six-year term expired . the dispute threatened to formally partition lebanon along sectarian lines and rekindle the 13-year civil war .
u.s. diplomats have backed off from the controversy , and that disappoints u.s. farmers . `` if we could get the japanese to cross that white line , '' says j. stephen gabbert , executive vice president of the rice millers association , `` it might restructure the political system and break a psychological barrier to imported goods . ''
but mention the word wrinkles and they 're likely to flee . to ease customers ' embarrassment , companies are beginning to establish separate locations for their men 's lines .
ford motor co. announced tentative base-price increases , many of them in the 4 % -to-6 % range , on the 1988 models it 's currently shipping to dealers . the price increases cover nearly 70 % of the company 's car lines , and a spokesman said the auto maker will announce prices on the remaining products in the next few months .
computer sales account for roughly 25 % of the company 's sales , according to analysts . unit sales for the company 's line of computers compatible with international business machines corp. 's pc increased 62 % in the quarter . some analysts had suggested that computer sales might be upset by the introduction of a new line of personal computers from ibm , expected throughout the quarter .
ibm is promising the new software products as much as six months earlier than expected . the operating system will finally let customers tap the potential of ibm 's line of mainframes , giving them a reason to stop using older hardware .
sales of the two-year-old grand prix coupe , however , will fall to 105,000 vehicles in 1990 from about 118,000 cars in the 1989 model year that ends sept. 30 , pontiac officials predicted . but the modern fairfax , kan. , plant that builds the grand prix line is capable of producing more than 250,000 cars a year .
bernarda alba is a single-minded matriarch who embodies the combined authority of the church , the family and society . she is tyrannical enough without underscoring her cruelty , which is what ms. jackson does , barking out commands in a hard-edged , loud voice that carries the play over the line from tragedy to melodrama .
but mr. shapiro says the company may have a tougher sales job with simplesse than it had with nutrasweet , since consumers had seen sugar-substitutes before . as a result , the company is considering bringing out its own line of food products containing simplesse .
donna rice 's link to gary hart is starting to pay off . the miami actress-model , whose relationship with mr. hart upset his presidential campaign , will appear in tv commercials and magazine ads this fall for a women 's sportswear line called no excuses .
donald harnett , graham-field 's chief financial officer , said the company shares markets and customer bases with lumex 's unit . the lumex division , with about $ 37 million in annual sales , emphasizes durable medical equipment , a good complement for graham-field 's disposable-equipment lines , he added .
again there was a shuddering , then a noise like a small cannon being fired . a tow line thrashed back across the deck , tearing off a bollard and hurling it through the corner of the bridge .
< p > @ ford motor co. , dearborn , mich. , said it is discontinuing its merkur xr4ti line at the end of 1989 model year .
meanwhile , demand for the omni and horizon models is very strong . sales of the subcompacts rose sharply after chrysler cut their price early in 1986 , but chrysler had to stop building them last march when it began retooling the belvidere , ill. , plant where they were made for a new line of luxury cars .
i found out it was me . both jeanette and i assumed he was there to test the line or change the dial .
the u.s. customs service provided you with enough facts to produce a balanced and fair article . the opening line , `` it sounds incredible , even for a boondoggler like uncle sam , '' set the stage for the act to follow -- a play , in our view , with no substance .
but previously , it had emphasized that it would n't need to sell them . mr. boksen says he expects to see more asset sales-of hbj 's insurance unit and perhaps of some of its publishing lines -- even if publishing rebounds .
but the risk of machines compatible with the xt becoming orphans appears small . xt-compatible computers can run all existing software for ibm-compatible machines and can be upgraded to run software written for an operating system that microsoft corp. is close to shipping for the new ibm line .
intermedics ' fourth-quarter loss from continuing operations was $ 22.1 million , compared with a year-ago loss from continuing operations of $ 13.3 million . for the year , intermedics posted a loss from continuing operations of $ 17.7 million , compared with a loss from continuing lines of $ 19.6 million a year earlier .
mr. robertson is not the only modern exponent of crackpopulism ; democrats jesse jackson and richard gephardt have made serious bids for the crackpopulist vote as well . mr. robertson 's attempt to erase his past is understandable . ( his latest campaign brochure contains several lines of biographical information but does n't mention his career as an evangelist .
pinned to the wall of a large reception room in the soviet embassy here , not far from a heroic portrait of the father of soviet communism himself , hung a poster heralding the arrival in washington of the moscow circus . at the bottom in bold print was a line smacking unequivocally of free enterprise `` brought to you by snuggle . ''
the younger mr. noland , 43 years old , is currently a vice president and manager of merchandising for plumbing and heating products . those lines last year accounted for 62 % of the wholesale distributor 's $ 426.5 million of sales .
in a letter to workers before a scheduled vote in february on joining the union , the president of bell atlantic 's bell atlanticom said `` we do not want this union in our company ! the union can cause plenty of trouble . . . . `` a month later , the union 's president , morton bahr , told bell atlantic 's chairman , thomas e. bolger , `` the management activity has crossed the lines of decency , and that is being charitable . ''
it is the parent company of audi of america inc. , which imports audi cars to the u.s. last week , a westchester county , n.y. , jury said audi was solely responsible for a 1985 accident in which an audi 5000 car hit a car in a bank teller line , which hit ms. ruston 's car .
in the year-earlier quarter , the maker of personal-grooming products earned $ 1.1 million , or 18 cents a share , on sales of $ 30.9 million . the company said the earnings decline results chiefly from lower-than-expected volume for its consumer products division 's new textra line of care products .
mark twain got a laugh when he called rumors of his death `` exaggerated . `` the line would n't have been nearly so good if he had simply labeled them untrue .
among its firsts low-fat milk , introduced in britain in 1981. sainsbury is n't alone ; retailer marks & spencer plc 's st. michael brand may be britain 's most popular label , adorning food , clothing , bedding and a new line of classical recordings .
producing only one million barrels a year , pittsburgh brewing , which is a unit of swan brewing co. of australia is n't going to challenge giant anheuser-busch cos. still , mr. carota 's job is becoming more complex as the brewery expands its line to 18 brands , including several beers ( samuel adams boston lager , pennsylvania pilsner , thirteen colony amber , old heurich ) brewed under contract for other companies .
the executives said inventories were reduced 34 % during the quarter to $ 59 million from $ 79 million , and that short-term bank debt was reduced 57 % to $ 58 million from $ 91 million . in explaining the lower profit margins , they cited a higher concentration of seasonal outdoor product sales , which carry lower margins than the remainder of coleco 's line , and sales of cabbage patch kids dolls at lower margins , partly because of special first-quarter sales incentives .
she was just `` discovered , '' delivering her actor boyfriend 's resume to a talent agent . now she is supposed to read two lines `` i 'm the new cleaning lady '' and `` i ca n't work here -- this place is a mess . ''
boys and dating came in sixth . leggy looks thigh-high skirts sell well in designer and junior lines .
< p > @ american brands inc. , old greenwich , conn. , reported second-quarter earnings rose 44 % as sales advanced 27 % , citing the strength in its core tobacco and distilled-spirits lines .
however , makita failed to convince the judge that its so-called trade dress is distinctive enough . the itc 's call echoed its 1987 decision upholding an administrative law judge 's ruling to dismiss samsonite corp. 's complaint that four taiwanese manufacturers illegally copied one of the colorado firm 's popular luggage lines .
mr. gidwitz estimated sales for the quarter , ended may 31 , rose 15 % from $ 86.8 million a year earlier . he added that costs involved in promoting the new helene curtis salon selectives line are likely to cause a second-quarter loss .
indeed , even enthusiasts concede that human operators have a role . `` if you have a consumer complaint line and a computer answers it , that 's the worst possible application , '' says brad wendkos , president of phoneworks , a hackensack , n.j. , firm that designs telephone promotions .
a federal judge , barely masking his mirth , dismissed a copyright-infringement and unjust-enrichment suit brought by two toy-animal designers against hasbro inc. and walt disney co. the suit , filed by joanne bloom and renee scelia , alleged that the `` wuzzles '' toy line introduced by hasbro and disney in 1985 infringed on their characters called `` whats . ''
maxtor said its results were boosted by $ 2 million in payments received from a supplier , for a certain line of products that maxtor is n't going to sell anymore . maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue .
she could be a young mother or a career girl , '' he says . `` but when you read the first two lines , she is n't that way anymore . { she is } out sleeping around . ''
but my fellow americans , this is not a crime-does-not-pay story . being caught out lifting lines does n't mean there 's no profit in it .
uniroyal goodrich tire co. is having a `` tough year '' because tire shipments to auto makers have declined 22 % and raw-materials costs have increased , patrick c. ross , chairman and chief executive officer , said . the company , formed in august 1986 in a merger of the tire units of b.f. goodrich co. and uniroyal inc. , also is being hurt by production inefficiencies that arose when it introduced 24 new tire lines in late 1986 , mr. ross said in an interview .
`` this gives rise to hope , '' mr. mandresh said . the bullish analysts said many ibm customers ordered the company 's new 3090e line , a series of enhanced versions of its mainframe computers , and many others upgraded their existing machines .
< p > @ bausch & lomb inc. said it plans to introduce next year a new line of sunglasses containing melanin , the pigment that protects against damage from ultraviolet rays .
as the afternoon wore on , an air of crisis hung about the firm . television cameramen , chased out of the lobby of the firm 's headquarters by security guards , hovered around the long line of limousines parked outside goldman 's headquarters .
the three -- peter gold , chairman and chief executive officer ; david rousso , chief financial officer ; and sydney irmas , a director -- own 67 % of the price pfister shares outstanding . emhart , a maker of industrial , consumer and electronic goods , said price pfister 's residential plumbing line would complement emhart 's construction and do-it-yourself products .
perfect , mr. ailes told him , and the president suddenly seemed to grow in self-confidence . mr. reagan used the line , and it was a zinger .
under the senate bill , for example , a company could be required to offer any benefits to 90 % of employees and pay at least 60 % of the costs . a senate aide familiar with section 89 says rep. rostenkowski `` has moved the line with this new proposal , but he has n't abandoned the principle .
later on , it is expected to roll out operating-system software that would even more sharply increase the processing speed and would finally let programmers take advantage of some of the fancy new features of the current hardware . then , by 1990 , ibm is expected to announce a whole new line of mainframes , starting the product cycle all over again and making its competitors play catch-up for a while .
it is ms. diggs 's contention , though , that florence was no plaster saint , and in her skillful dramatization the playwright illuminates the many sides of this complex , driven woman . ms. diggs makes her point of view clear in the opening lines of the play , when someone comes on stage reciting henry wadsworth longfellow 's laudatory poem about the `` lady with the lamp , '' and another character calls the poem `` sentimental drivel . ''
one important role monitors play is to juice up conversations whenever they lag . the monitor on megaquest 's bisexual line recently got the conversation rolling by discussing the relative merits of different gender combinations .
`` with congress not having done anything meaningful on the budget deficit , the process of controlling the economy falls on the shoulders of the fed , '' mr. kahan said . `` the fed is going to have to walk a thin line between being too tight and causing us to fall directly into recession , and being overly stimulative and therefore leading to an inflationary bout . ''
there is nothing easy about running a cruise boat in winter . it takes boiling water to thaw the frozen lines at the clinton 's overnight berth so that the boat can be brought around to the passenger pier .
unisys has generated impressive earnings growth largely through cost-cutting , but it ca n't continue to improve its performance that way much longer . w. michael blumenthal , unisys 's chairman , said customers waiting to order the company 's new 2200 series computers , which begin shipments next spring , and holding off buying its older 1100 line accounted for part of unisys 's order declines .
u.s. exports dropped like a stone in the years of the overvalued dollar and imports soared ; not one major american industry could maintain its exports in the face of a currency fluctuation of almost 50 % . yet only in steel , automobiles , consumer electronics , machine tools and a few semiconductor lines did the world share of american products go down at all .
overall computer sales in the consumer electronics concern 's fiscal third quarter rose 16 % , he said . both percentage figures include tandy 's line of computers that are n't ibm-compatible , as well as those that are .
< p > @ toyota is entering the u.s. luxury car market by selling an upscale car line through a new dealer network .
honda is expected to unveil a redesigned accord later this month , and dealers say they expect the car to be larger and more expensive than the current compact model . the civic and crx lines -- including some of honda 's cheapest cars -- account for about 30 % of the company 's total u.s. car sales .
ross , which plans to close 25 of its 146 stores , said it expects to report a net loss of about $ 34 million for the fourth quarter and a net loss for fiscal 1987 of about $ 42 million . the losses result in large part from a fourth-quarter pre-tax charge of about $ 40 million to cover the store closings and the discontinuation of some poorly performing merchandise lines .
but even when microwaved food looks and tastes acceptable , there can be unexpected snags . gary esbeck , marketing manager of frozen foods at hormel , recalls that participants in a recent focus group in kansas city , kan. , were suspicious of the authentic grill marks on his company 's line of microwavable meats .
britain 's paratroops had chutes that opened more gently than the american type . a small pilot chute came out first , then the supporting lines , and finally the big canopy .
paris-based kaysersberg , with annual sales of about $ 725 million , operates six plants and employs 3,600 workers . it markets a broad line of towel and tissue , personal-care and health-care products in france , west germany , italy and the benelux countries .
on a given summer 's day , some 150,000 people pass through the turnstiles of disney 's parks , estimates tom powell , the editor of amusement business magazine . they spend at least $ 10 each on food and souvenirs , he says , and they are happy , or at least willing , to stand in hour-long lines .
< p > @ nissan motor co. is consolidating its sentra budget car line for 1990 by eliminating some models and making higher-priced versions of others available only as special option packages .
leave them to me . i 'll talk long enough to keep the line busy for the proper interval .
access charge revenue rose 6.7 % to $ 676.3 million from $ 633.9 million . < /p > < p > u s west , based in denver , also had increases in minutes-of-use and new telephone lines . minutes-of-use rose 8.2 % to 8.5 million from 7.87 million , while new customer telephone lines increased 2.3 % to 11.8 million , signalling changes in the economy .
briefs the u.s. chess hall of fame and museum opens tomorrow in new windsor , n.y. . . . a new line of inflatable stereo speakers from hyman products inc. , st. louis , comes shaped like palm trees , guitars and juke boxes .
impoundments were n't subject to possible override by congress , so they were a far greater presidential power than a line-item veto . presidents did n't need to veto budget bills , line by line or otherwise , so long as they could impound .
with his partner on vacation he would have to grab whoever was on the maternity floor and ask them to hang on until he got there . a voice came on the hospital line , crisp and businesslike .
mr. tarlow declined to comment , but a revlon spokesman indicated that the agencies were dropped `` for classic client-agency reasons . `` the only agencies to survive yesterday 's cut are ketchum advertising , new york , which is working on a major product introduction for a new line of hair-care products ; and peter rogers associates , which handles the advertising for scaasi , a perfume .
it is known as an aggressive , tenacious litigator . richard d. parsons , a partner at patterson , belknap , webb & tyler , likens the experience of opposing sullivan & cromwell to `` having a thousand-pound tuna on the line . ''
but he had other gifts . he could set snares , lobster pots or a long line better than anyone in the locality .
for years , rorer group inc. was regarded as a dull laggard of the drug industry . it had a tiny research budget and a weak prescription-drug line .
among his choices are coca-cola , merck , procter & gamble and philip morris . there is a fine line between an economy that crawls and one that falls . mickey levy , chief economist at first fidelity bancorp . in philadelphia , says he thinks the economy is walking that line .
< p > @ alliant computer systems corp. introduced a computer to fill the gap in its line between its high-end and low-end machines .
they do so by calling 976-chat in los angeles . for $ 2 plus toll charges , callers are allowed to participate for about two and a half minutes in confusing conversations which alternate between efforts to figure out who is on the line and the ramblings of teen-age minds .
a member of the japanese negotiating team confirmed that tokyo wants the talks to continue , and said it has offered `` sincere and substantive proposals '' and that `` some progress has been made . `` the japanese acknowledged , though , that they had failed to reach agreement with the u.s. on several issues , including how to draw a line between the public and private sectors in the projects discussed .
an even tougher problem is the distressed economy of the company 's regional service territory , hit hard by the energy slump and the drought . last year , the company 's core telephone business added only 8,100 new access lines , the poorest annual growth volume since the great depression .
the company 's proceeds from the offering will be used for working capital , product development and other corporate purposes , including possible acquisitions . the company develops and sells a line of interactive computer games for personal computers made by international business machines corp. and by apple computer inc .
while trying to revive its consumer products business , it missed out on the frozen entree boom ; frozen food is the fastest-growing packaged food area right now . the company tried a line of frozen cheese dinners that it quietly folded last year .
universal matchbox has a need for my talents perhaps more than mattel does now. '' mr . forcelledo expects mr. kalinske 's experience to move the company into more toys for girls , from its current focus on die-cast toys and boys ' lines .
still , troubles continue to be more common than triumphs for companies testing video catalogs -- even when the video itself is well done . murjani international ltd. tested a video catalog last year for its coca-cola clothing line .
i am that man . `` he never used the lines , although -- like the planned answer to the question about crime -- he used them in subsequent speeches .
bull hn , 69 % -owned by groupe bull , the big french computer maker , said the new product lines included the dpx/2 , based on the industry standard unix operating system , and the dps 6000 , based on a proprietary design . the 6000 significantly extends bull 's existing dps line , which has sold 60,000 units world-wide .
he switched over from manual to remote operation , putting betty now under control of hal . it was a standard safety precaution ; though he was still secured to betty by an immensely strong spring-loaded cord little thicker than cotton , even the best safety lines had been known to fail .
the decline `` was particularly significant '' in the fourth quarter , the company said . polaroid said it would be introducing camera systems for under $ 100 in the first half of 1988 , and would be applying its newer spectra instant-film technology to its 600 camera line , which has been on the market for about seven years .
although they are impressively energetic , one somehow feels that their painterly virtuosity runs away with them a bit . perhaps this is because the way they try to bridge the line between abstraction and figuration does n't seem to be quite resolved .
jack nicklaus 's problems reflect the hazards many athletes face as they try to turn their sports careers into financial security . the entrance to golden bear 's headquarters in north palm beach is distinctive , adorned with golf clubs and bags , photos of mr. nicklaus in action , his signature clothing lines and the golfer 's books ( in english , french and japanese ) .
honeywell said its second-quarter earnings will be below the $ 53 million , or $ 1.21 a share , of a year ago because of a $ 23 million charge for cost overruns and writedowns in its military avionics group . hewlett-packard told dow jones professional investor report that it could n't explain the drop , but analysts said it may have reflected concerns that the silverlake computers will cut into sales of the company 's spectrum line .
analysts estimate that the non-food businesses could fetch $ 200 million , thus further reducing quaker 's debt and positioning it to pursue its stated strategy of more acquisitions . mr. smithburg has said he is targeting grocery products with leading market share and toy lines that would fit into quaker 's fisher-price toy and children 's furnishings unit .
bbdo serviced the account for more than 30 years . it was there that copywriter jim jordan wrote the well-known `` ring around the collar '' line .
but gap 's apparel has n't been selling to the older crowd as well as it has in the past . and in deemphasizing its teen-age customers , gap did n't promote its back-to-school lines as heavily as it usually has , hurting august sales .
< p > @ daniel bricklin , who as the co-author of the visicalc software program helped launch the personal computer , said he is selling off his latest software line rather than building another company .
< p > @ cincinnati milacron inc. said it completed the purchase of hayssen manufacturing co. 's line of extrusion blow-molding machines and will take over the business of manufacturing , selling and servicing this equipment .
< p > @ coleco industries inc. has run into a hairy legal problem over a new line of its cabbage patch kids .
he blames imports . but just down seventh avenue , where about 75 % of u.s. fur garments are made , larry rosen has acquired two retail outlets , broadened his fur-making line and expanded into leather .
she is a spokeswoman for spring air mattresses , has done ads for mcdonald 's , buf-puf and nestle 's , and just signed a contract with licensing corp. of america . `` right now we 're looking at a dress line , '' says mr. manzella , who claims that other offers have come in from polaroid , kodak , saran wrap , chemical bank and hostess twinkies .
the dukakis people are going to need all the help they can get . instructive is an ailes line -- a bit of hyperbole , no doubt -- that mr. goodman says he will never forget .
despite much anticipatory hoopla , round two wo n't be a battle on the same epic scale . many industry officials , dealers , and customers say clones of ibm 's year-old second line of pcs , the ps/2 , will put far less pressure on the company than did the previous generation .
at the height of the american jumping craze the chief of the soviet air force , general jacob alksnis , sent an officer named sergei mienov to the united states as an observer . at roosevelt field , long island , the russian visitor saw a fifteen-year-old girl jump from a height of 2,000 feet and get snarled in her lines .
< p > @ maytag corp. said it plans to spend an additional $ 30 million to upgrade and expand its galesburg , ill. , plant , which makes the admiral line of appliances .
and then , in a quiet voice , almost as though she were talking to herself , as though she had forgotten the existence of the others , annette said `` where will it end ? where will the line be drawn ?
`` this assures a horse race , '' said one person familiar with the committee 's thinking . but the forstmann-led group must walk a fine line with the directors .
`` catch much ? `` carlos threw his line into the water .
`` pull , `` shouted boris . igor grabbed the line and put a turn round his wrist .
kurzweil , waltham , mass. , makes digital electronic keyboard instruments used by professional recording musicians . it recently introduced a line for the home market .
in composite new york stock exchange trading yesterday , ibm closed at $ 164.875 a share , up $ 1.625 , and was the third most-active issue with 2.2 million shares changing hands . earlier this month , rumors were widespread that the ps/2 line was selling poorly and that its new operating system -- the software that controls the basic functions and promises enhanced capabilities for the ibm computers -- would be delayed .
johnson , meantime , has n't been sitting by idly . it recently developed two line extensions -- a baby conditioner and conditioning formula shampoo -- to appeal to older children .
it also froze the price of the 190e 2.6 with automatic transmission at $ 32,500 , despite adding electrically adjustable front seats , which were a $ 950 option on the 1989 model . prices on the remainder of mercedes-benz 's u.s. line now will range from $ 39,950 for the 300e 2.6 with automatic transmission to $ 83,500 for the 500sl two-seat convertible , which is new this year .
in some of the nuttiest policies ever implemented in any country , the dictator decided to retire his country 's foreign debt by exporting everything that was n't nailed down . food lines are now so long , moscow looks like a diner 's paradise , and tree bark is an officially recommended dietary supplement .
< p > @ ibm unveiled its new line of personal computers , marking a new era of competition in the market .
the most powerful computers in that line , which challenge compaq 's microcomputers aimed at big businesses , were n't available in large quantities until the fourth quarter . when the armonk , n.y.-based computer giant debuted the ps/2 line last april 2 , some industry watchers predicted that compaq and many other computer makers might be badly hurt by the ibm machines , which incorporated changes to the computer design ibm had used since 1981 in its original pc line .
here he was with two phone booths and a phone to each ear the guy probably thought he was a horse player or a bookie . the answering service came through while the hospital line was still ringing busy .
reagan thus becomes the nation 's sixth-largest outdoor advertising company , with about 10,000 signs . . . . trimming fat , wilson foods corp. says it will follow its recent introduction of a 96 % fat-free ham product with a new deli lite line of low-cholesterol and low-fat deli meats .
the household appliance company 's net in the quarter fell to $ 47.4 million , or 65 cents a share , from $ 52.4 million , or 71 cents a share , in the 1986 second quarter . the company blamed the decline on , among other things , the depreciation and engineering costs of introducing a line of kitchenaid refrigerators and laundry appliances in the first quarter .
in its fiscal first quarter ended may 2 , marcade earned $ 2.1 million , or seven cents a share , on revenue of $ 36.1 million . as previously reported , marcade has agreed to acquire closely held europe craft imports inc. , maker of the members only sportswear line , for undisclosed terms .
university national bank in palo alto , calif. , has tellers , but it serves coffee in real china and offers after-hours service by appointment . robert tennyson , a travel-agency operator , took his business to university national about a year ago , after crocker national bank was acquired by wells fargo & co. following the merger of the big banks , service at the local branch was `` a nightmare , '' according to mr. tennyson teller lines of 15 to 30 minutes `` were not uncommon '' ; the bank `` lost one of our checks for six weeks , '' and it `` treated us like we were nonexistent . ''
< p > @ ibm said it has shipped nearly two million units of its personal system/2 line of personal computers since its introduction a year ago .
each day he crouched back in a corner as he heard the old man struggling up the slight slope from the beach . he crouched and he waited as the door inched up and the water bucket was withdrawn on the end of its line .
ms. white kisses a little girl who brings her a rose . `` give me a kiss , '' yell some high school boys in the middle of the long and winding line .
briefs university of louisville president donald swain becomes the first university president to head a local chamber of commerce . . . . white chocolate is one of three flavors offered in neiman-marcus 's chocolate-flavored toothpaste line .
< p > @ nissan motor corp. u.s.a. chose hill , holliday , connors , cosmopulos inc. friday to create advertising for its new infiniti line of luxury cars that are scheduled for introduction in 1989 .
instead , they use such companies as us sprint communications co. 's telenet subsidiary and mcdonnell douglas corp. 's tymnet subsidiary , which charge cut-rate prices . these companies rent private telephone lines and spread the costs among thousands of computer users .
< p > @ international business machines corp. said its personal system/2 line of personal computers appears to be selling the best in europe .
commercial bank traders with firsthand knowledge of the intervention estimated that the fed sold $ 100 million through several banks in early new york trading , shortly after the bundesbank sold a like amount in the open market in frankfurt . the central banks formed a skirmish line for the dollar at 1.8840 marks , where they sold the currency , knowledgeable traders said .
benihana national corp. said it has retained kidder , peabody & co. to advise the company on a sale , joint venture or licensing arrangement of its frozen food division . the restaurant and frozen food concern said a sale or other disposition of its two frozen food lines would permit it to direct financial resources to the development of its restaurant business .
we went in and watched him through the window . he walked the length of the line twice .
the masts , booms , and gaffs i had cleared were gone . he had found the lines which held them and cast them adrift .
bush antitrust officials may not attack a substantially greater number of mergers than the reagan administration , but their choice of cases will signal an intent to apply a tighter mesh . the antitrust division 's treatment of coors 's proposed acquisition of stroh brewing will indicate where mr. rill plans to draw the line .
< p > @ richard breeden had n't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone .
that began a political fiasco that killed the industry 's chances for a 1988 recovery . in what a congressional aide called `` the north-south war , '' the soybean association split along regional lines .
`` in most cases , the client is more inclined to be conservative because they want to protect a franchise that can take only so much fiddling , '' says mr. lindsay . `` you 're treading a fine line . ''
the company 's cincinnati bell information systems unit contributed $ 38.2 million to revenue in the quarter and $ 73.8 million in the six months . the cincinnati-based telecommunications concern said it added about 8,234 new lines in the quarter , boosting the total to about 755,000 .
international data corp. , a market research firm in framingham , mass. , says ibm 's share of the $ 16 billion market fell to 27.6 % world-wide in 1987 from 29 % in 1983 , while the share captured by archrival digital equipment corp. 's vaxes rose to 21.6 % from 13.5 % . and ibm 's 9370 minicomputer line , its initial attempt to regain dominance , has failed to become the `` vax killer '' that ibm proclaimed at its introduction more than 1 1/2 years ago .
the u.s. will maintain diplomatic relations with haiti 's military government following a coup monday that returned military leader namphy to power after four months of civilian rule , the state department said . schools , markets and businesses in port-au-prince were reopened , and international telephone lines were restored .
it properly involves a variety of message carriers -- including the voice of america , worldnet television and skilled , language-qualified foreign-service officers among others -- to reach important and diverse audiences overseas . these audiences themselves have interests that defy easy categorization along informational or cultural lines .
some foreign countries and industries have hired washington lobbyists and law firms to help and have pressed u.s. companies doing business with them to pitch in as well . senate finance committee chairman lloyd bentsen ( d. , texas ) , who co-sponsored the trade bill with sen. john danforth ( r. , mo . ) , says `` there 's a long line of foreign representatives waiting to see me .
today , two west german publishers want to re-create baedeker 's past glories . volkmar mair , owner of a stuttgart publishing house , and florian langenscheidt , scion of a munich publishing empire , recently agreed to merge their various rights to the baedeker name in hopes of engineering a major comeback for the venerable guidebook line .
that produced a return of $ 2.40 on a $ 2 win bet and made such tickets as valuable as souvenirs as in bills and coins . payout-window lines , however , indicated that most winners were cashing theirs .
he said the company is `` very interested '' in adding apple macintosh computer products to its lineup eventually , but no talks with the manufacturer about such an arrangement are currently under way . in addition , offering a line of copier machines and facsimile equipment `` would make sense , '' he said .
there was more shouting and laughter and then the galley shuddered as the ship bumped against them . feet thudded on the cabin roof , while another sidonioi jumped down to the foredeck with a line , bending to tie it securely .
designers and retailers , of course , still count on women , who long have purchased at least half of all men 's clothing . liz claiborne , calvin klein and others are betting that female customers , loyal to their womenswear lines , will also buy their new menswear lines for husbands and others .
< p > @ newspaper editor francis p. church became famous for a 1897 editorial , addressed to a child , that included the line `` yes , virginia , there is a santa claus . ''
or did mr. chestman only hear a market rumor ( which one may lawfully trade upon ) ? the line seems awfully thin for criminal-law purposes .
you 've got to make your character live . ) then executive producer toby hubner gives me a real role with three lines of dialogue , to be shot a few nights hence . `` wow , three lines ? `` says the sarcastic sound man , antonio arroyo .
but some analysts scoffed that he seemed to have just discovered a strategy that other food giants have used for years . a kraft spokesman said , however , that no matter what other companies have done , kraft still has room for line extensions because it has n't used that strategy much .
battling the crowds on new york 's fifth avenue was no less challenging . there were long lines of shoppers waiting to enter f.a.o . schwarz , a children 's toy store , and the fashionable trump tower .
this charge , imposed in june 1985 at $ 1 a month , is now $ 2 a month for residential subscribers and $ 6 a month for multiline business customers . the charge is de signed to make subscribers pay for part of the fixed costs of the lines to their homes or businesses rather than adding these costs to the costs of long-distance service .
the weather in russia stinks . there is a perfectly valid reason why we have a `` negative image '' of the russians as a grim-faced , bulky race huddled in long lines to buy shriveled rutabagas .
for someone seeking more power -- to handle a spreadsheet or a big data base , for example -- many specialists recommend tandy 's 1000 tx . this computer is compatible with the pc at , which represented the high end of ibm 's old personal-computer line .
with mr. jones distracted , nautilus fumbled efforts to come up with new products of its own . a line of machines for home use bombed with would-be consumers and angered nautilus 's traditional customers -- health clubs -- which saw the new machines as a threat to their business .
first-quarter operating profit , before special gains , reached a record $ 65 million , up 68 % from $ 38.8 million a year earlier . transamerica attributed the improvement to significantly higher earnings across a broad line of its businesses .
it was , after all , only his second full day as chairman of the securities and exchange commission . but the lack of lines became painfully apparent . as the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on oct. 13 , mr. breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the sec -- from his desk , where the new york stock exchange was on an open line , to his assistant 's office , where the commodity futures trading commission was connected , to a third room , where a computer monitored market moves .
he declined to provide more-specific figures . mr. hopkins says the lauren line gives frederick edwards , based in morgantown , n.c. , a firm footing in the high end of the furniture market .
says a pillsbury spokesman , `` whatever claims pathmark may make , we have serious doubts they can meet the quality of haagen-dazs . `` the biggest risks are with a new generation of premium store lines that are even more upscale than national brands . several years ago , grand union , witnessing brisk sales of specialty imported foods , introduced laurent , its own line of fancy fare .
the ibm announcement said the pc convertible will now come with a `` supertwist '' liquid crystal display screen , which uses a new technology to greatly enhance readability . ibm also dealt with complaints about the modem , which lets computers communicate across telephone lines , by offering an optional modem that adapts to the industry standard .
the others were to follow once the lifeboat was in the water . but one of the wellington men , afraid that the heavy seas would smash the small boat against the side of the ship , cut the line .
lexus cars , which will cost in the low $ 30,000 range , will be introduced in an increasingly crowded marketplace . they will compete not only with established luxury cars but with honda motor co. 's new acura line and nissan motor corp. 's planned infiniti luxury cars , which it intends to introduce in 1989 .
moreover , as apple moves its product line into the more expensive and sophisticated markets for engineering workstations , professional publishing systems and serious business management applications , the company 's retail dealer network will have to find ways of selling computer systems that are better suited to those more sophisticated markets . `` what was the top of our line of business computers last week is now the bottom of our line , '' said john sculley , apple 's chairman and chief executive officer .
but the loathsome ooze stopped just short of his knees . he released a buoy which carried his ascending line to the surface , and tested the lung . then he started up the line .
meanwhile , standard and poor 's placed west point 's $ 80 million of senior debt on its creditwatch list and said the securities could be downgraded if mr. farley 's bid succeeds or if the company pursues expected measures to remain independent . for his part , mr. farley said in a filing with the securities and exchange commission that he intends to sell west point 's apparel , apparel fabrics and industrial fabrics lines . he would keep the company 's sheet and towel lines , which are the crown jewels of company .
m. ali issari , a retired university professor , parked his car in front of a new-home sales office near los angeles one recent saturday and stuck this sign behind the windshield `` the line for purchasing deeridge homes starts from here . `` one week later , when selling started , the line had grown to 150 cars , and mr. issari bought the first deeridge home to a round of applause from a mob of other house hunters .
the fragrance foundation lists at least 45 for this year and next . `` the marketing mission today is to be able to steal share of market from existing business , '' says martin danielson of parlux ltd. , new york , which will launch the joan collins line this spring .
