tandon had been solely a maker of disk drives for ibm pcs , but decided to expand its business after posting hefty losses because of a glut in the disk drive market . however , the company had difficulties with its personal computer line domestically , and was hurt by the computer industry slump .
if singer does become a takeover target , a potential acquirer might have a relatively easy time gaining support from institutions , which own about 55 % of singer . while singer 's divestiture of its sewing line last year was hailed by shareholders and analysts , its top management has n't always received the highest praise .
meanwhile , glen ellen proprietor 's reserve sales continue to soar . the line has now expanded to include a select dry white , sauvignon blanc , merlot and white zinfandel .
`` we believe the yield on the long-term treasury bond could fall below 7 % in late 1989 and perhaps decline significantly in later years , '' says martin j. mauro , manager of research . but to many analysts , the yardeni outlook ends with the last line of a nursery rhyme -- `` and the dish ran away with the spoon . ''
but designers are also offering women the shorter look with a bit more modesty . donna karan showed culottes in her spring line .
`` for now , we 'll concentrate on the system . some of the major data banks , like the ones held by defense , may have five hundred or a thousand access lines .
in a few minutes he , too , is kicking in the creel . i sit in happy meditation on my rock , pondering , while my line dries again , upon the ways of trout and men .
when the schoolkids put on their end-of-the-year concert in `` sarafina ! `` it 's capped by a galvanizing number called `` bring back nelson mandela . `` the afternoon i saw the show , a small knot of south africans in the audience shouted `` yes ! `` each time a line of the song invoked the name of a south african martyr .
but by noon the voice which claimed to be obolensky was back on the phone again , this time being referred to another dominick executive , since his original contact there had gone out to lunch . by the time the call was switched , the line was dead .
at the very moment when the man was apparently doomed to strike the hard edge of the apron and be dragged along its abrasive surface , the parachute tilted again , traded a share of downward motion for lateral slip , and drifted serenely over the grass . he struck and clutched at the lines while teetering , stumbled and rolled as the billowing canopy began to drag him heedlessly along the ground .
eric zimits , an analyst with morgan keegan & co. , said the company has a 50 % share of that market , and derives more than 70 % of its profit from it . `` there has been a lot of speculation that the irma line is due for obsolescence , '' said mr. zimits .
but uglification is rampant , water shortages loom and suburban traffic is gridlocked , as a crazy quilt of 42 municipal governments does little to control growth . in the south 's smaller boom cities , like nashville and charlotte , the standard line is , `` we do n't want to be another atlanta . ''
that 's hundreds of dollars less than an actual ibm xt and only slightly more than most comparable no-name clones . ibm has stopped producing pc xts as part of a bid to get the world to shift to the line it introduced in april .
the company said profit growth stemmed partly from a steady flow of products . in particular , it cited the strong performance of its fibre trim diet line .
alfred h. hunt iii , president of ifr systems inc. , a wichita , kan.-based producer of test equipment that is 84 % owned by regency , was named to fill mr. boone 's vacancy on the board . the company said it intends to sell its consumer products lines so it can concentrate on businesses that provide the most potential for `` long-term growth and profitability . ''
flag-line fishermen cruise offshore , putting out lines that are from five to eight miles long . these long lines are set at intervals with baited hooks marked by floats and buoys .
`` the new york stock exchange did not blow up . there were no lines at banks . ''
he fills one of two vacancies created last year when two of the company 's co-founders , thomas ong , executive vice president , finance , and mason tarkeshian , executive vice president , operations , resigned . cms makes and distributes a broad line of enhancement products for personal computers .
the layoffs come as cray phases out production of its labor-intensive x-mp line-hand-wired machines -- in favor of a model that , because of factory automation , higher-density chips and other advances , can be made in one-third the time . moreover , where a central processing unit in the old model had 30,000 parts , those in the new y-mp line have 310 .
even with the u.s. action , though , industry officials say shortages of the chips are likely to continue because current production capacity is insufficient to meet an unanticipated surge in u.s. demand for the advanced chips . on the supply side , the shortages are caused mainly by quality-control problems encountered by japan 's nec corp. on its new dram lines and hitachi ltd. 's slow recovery from an earthquake in japan that damaged one of its chip plants .
early this year , analysts feared that international business machines ' increased competitiveness could blunt digital 's success . ibm introduced its 9370 line of computers , which was internally dubbed `` the vax killer , '' and it started promising improved computer communications and low priced departmental computing -- the same attributes that digital boasts .
the emphasis on headgear is expected to last at least through the fall . christian lacroix 's fall line , for example , includes velvets and flowers worn close to the head .
a recent seminar in mexico city began with discussions of martin luther king jr. , and ended with practical exercises . in one , the students formed a human chain , while their teacher played the role of a counterdemonstrator crashing into the line .
the new rules , which were put into effect two weeks ago without any public announcement , are supposed to clarify what that license allows . investment advisers said the regulations will force them to continue treading a fine line between offering advice and actually selling securities .
we spend the whole day on the water . pascal fishes with a line that has a number of hooks on it .
plessey co. and general electric co. of britain received the first big export order , valued at the equivalent of about $ 24 million , for their system x digital telephone exchange . plessey said telecom colombia , the national telecommunications authority of colombia , is buying 13 of the exchanges , involving a total of 68,000 telephone lines .
just a moment . bob vincent of the fbi 's coming on the other line .
< p > @ wang laboratories inc. introduced a replacement for its 2200 series of small business computers that will continue the 15-year-old line .
but emhart is n't abandoning its past as a consumer and industrial products company either , as the stanadyne bid shows . emhart is primarily interested in stanadyne 's moen brand of plumbing products , which emhart says would make a natural fit with its consumer hardware and housewares lines .
each child crayons a design on his or hers , after he has printed his name in big letters . the cardboards are stapled to a long , strong line , which then can be looped around the room , or between posts or trees , or along a fence .
`` the on-air promotion schedule is the most aggressive it 's ever been , '' says tom remiszewski , director of advertising and promotion at abc sports . in the past week , the network has run a spot promoting tonight 's kickoff , playing up the 20th-season theme and featuring mr. williams singing the line , `` are you ready for some football ? ''
< p > @ mca inc. said its toy-making unit agreed to buy buddy l corp. , producer of a line of toy vehicles and preschool products .
the cricket commercial , which caru cited as being misleading , is typical of the group 's targets . in another case , a series of independent-tv ads for sylvanian families , a line of small animal figures made by coleco industries inc./tomy corp. , used stop-action animation to make the figures walk , jump and pick up furniture .
one reads far too much about cocaine addiction these days for either reaction . what caught my eye were a couple of lines in which mclain explains why he felt he was above the kind of constraints that might have led him to think twice about using the illegal and harmful drug .
the cell-biology products are solutions used to grow cells . hana has said that it was selling the lines because further development of them would have pulled the company away from its strategic focus -- cell-transplant research and development programs .
that the trip was a success is due to the georgians themselves , a smiling dark-haired people who even in the darkest brezhnev days impressed the beatles rock group enough to make them write in their song `` back in the u.s.s.r. '' the words `` georgia 's always on my mind . `` long before perestroika the healthy georgian black market provided its citizens with a standard of living here far different from leningrad and moscow , the cities of food lines .
the federal reserve bank of new york said it granted `` several '' currency brokers direct access to its foreign exchange desk , a privilege previously limited to about a dozen commercial banks . for the time being , the new york fed said , it will use direct lines to brokers only to gather market information , and it will continue to deal only with banks in foreign exchange transactions .
< p > @ surely nothing so becomes the black lizard line of fiction as its home .
murjani international is teaming up with former president warren hirsch to relaunch gloria vanderbilt jeans , a now faded brand that was one of the big hits of the designer jeans craze of the late 1970s . hong kong-based murjani , a closely held apparel maker that markets coca-cola brand clothes and tommy hilfiger menswear , said the revamped line will be made by a joint venture run by mr. hirsch .
nevertheless , she had no way of asking him why he was n't wearing them . lines had been stretched between the limbs of the four great pasania trees by the kitchen , and wash now took up every inch of the linen cords that webbed the trees together . maggie , tied beneath the lines , kept running back and forth under the white shapes sportively flapping over her head and every once in a while let out a prolonged howl . when the wash was hung , etsuko walked around between the lines .
advocates of systematic investing say it 's impossible to time the market and that most individual investors get killed trying . `` it 's like trying to pick the fastest line at the bank , '' says bryan mattes , assistant vice president of the vanguard group of mutual funds in valley forge , pa .
he appealed to the tax court . now special judge dinan has drawn a line that may surprise some tax experts hendrickson was inexperienced and owned minority shares in only three wells , so he was unable to play an active role in management and operations or to influence operational decisions .
northern telecom says its products will roll out over 18 months beginning early next year and will begin contributing to revenue and earnings by early 1991. burt wolder , a spokesman for american telephone & telegraph co. , said his company is `` developing a full line of sonet products and expects to announce them very , very soon . ''
quaker oats co. said it 's considering bidding on certain of beatrice co. 's food lines . william d. smithburg , chairman and chief executive officer , told reporters after the company 's annual meeting yesterday that he 's interested in such beatrice lines as hunt tomato products , wesson cooking oils and tropicana juices . but he said he has n't decided to make a bid for any of the lines .
< p > @ mitsubishi motor sales of america raised by as much as 3.4 % the base prices of its galant and mirage car lines .
now , field representatives drop by each store every few days , clipboards in hand , to evaluate customer-oriented operations . also , to make sure that customers have a direct line to the company , burger king is installing a toll-free phone number for consumer feedback .
this spring just two companies -- tandy corp. and dell computer corp. -- introduced ps/2 clones . like parents of a new baby anxious not to upset their older child , they both declared that their ps/2 look-alikes were great products , but not so great that their clones of the old ibm pc line would n't still be big sellers .
but he is in a whirlpool . we have the stem-post of his boat attached to the line .
ms. browne is quite effective , and doubly so to those who remember her as she appeared 10 years ago in `` the turning point , '' when she was the naive newcomer who won mr. baryshnikov 's heart . you can see that tony is a playboy , with his leather jackets and his red sports cars and the kind of come-on lines only teen-agers and internationally celebrated dancers would dare try even on gullible junior ballerinas .
no one questions mr. dole 's mastery of the details of government and his quick wit , but it still is n't clear whether he will be able to project vision , to talk less about committee action and more about conviction . the entreaties to add a broader vision and a rhetorical lilt to the candidate 's appeal -- to force a speaker accustomed to the senate chamber to project his voice to a national audience -- are plainly jarring to mr. dole , who is uncomfortable with the touch of tennyson that crept into the political speeches of the kennedy brothers or with the lines from lincoln that are the staples of republican speeches .
the latest quarter includes a gain of $ 2.5 million , or one cent a share , from discontinued operations . year-earlier results include a $ 2.5 million loss from discontinued lines .
even better from the marketer 's point of view the calls cost money , so marketers can break even or even turn a profit , in effect charging people to be subjected to advertising . typical of the new services is the indiana jones line , which costs $ 2.50 for a two-minute story .
`` what we 've really done . . . is enhanced our mid-range , '' said larry ford , an ibm vice president . mr. ford said that since last october , `` we 've completely refreshed the entire mainframe line . ''
the texts are often shortened to make the books cheaper to produce , leaving a skeleton of the original story . mr. lang notes that there are at least 10 heavily illustrated editions of the snow white story in which the whole tale is told in 12 pages , with only a few lines on each .
mr. trinkl said he recommended that the workers accept the offer after the company threatened to replace the strikers . `` we did n't have any other jobs for our people and i did n't want to put them on the welfare line , '' he said .
norman m. coulson , president of glenfed inc. , the glendale , calif.-based parent of the nation 's fifth-largest thrift , noted that his institution has good will on its books stemming from acquisitions of troubled thrifts that were made in the early 1980s to help the fslic . `` i 'm concerned about how they draw the line , '' he said .
the brief shot opens with him saying `` when i said i never knew a thing about the watergate break-in , you probably did n't believe me , did you ? `` that line is followed by a description of mr. ehrlichman as `` an unbelievable person for an unbelievable product . ''
what customers do is get in the queue . each day , lines of them snake across the lobbies of telmex 's branch offices in the capital to report broken telephones .
pacific telesis group said its first-quarter earnings surged , bolstered primarily by the strong california economy , streamlined operations and its early retirement program . san francisco-based pacific telesis said access lines increased 3.7 % to 12.6 million and local-long distance volume jumped 9.3 % to 684 million .
there was a two-inch messenger line attached to the heaving line the warrant bosun was responsible for the vital knot which joined them and , by the time the two-inch line was being hauled into the battleship , the warrant bosun was ready to follow it with a 3-1/2-inch line , and that was followed by a five-inch line , and that was strong enough to have entrusted to it the immense manila towline on which the rest of the operation depended . from other parts of the ship , other heaving lines had been thrown , other messengers passed , now that the two ships were riding together more or less comfortably harnessed together with the heavy manila .
he said he did n't know ; they had come there in a wagon . i pulled in my line and went up the bank .
but ibm also had some problems that it could have addressed . ibm said sales were disappointing for its midrange computer lines , which have been criticized for being incompatible , and it said sales were flat in personal computers , where imitators have managed to undercut ibm 's prices .
mr. arguetty said another reason for the company 's performance was jan bell 's improved product mix . jan bell recently began selling a line of watches .
gm also is counting on gm-10 to help reduce its use of high-cost , in-house parts suppliers . for william j. clark , that meant telling former colleagues at a warren , mich. , plant that they could n't supply gm-10 with a steering-system part as they have done with other gm lines .
the japanese threat to the europeans is only getting worse . last month toyota motor corp. launched its luxury lexus line in the u.s. , and in november nissan motor co. is unveiling its infiniti models .
the united auto workers said it will resume bargaining with american motors corp. over contract concessions at the auto maker 's kenosha , wis. , plant . the talks broke off last friday and amc had said that , because of the impasse , it decided against building a new line of jeep vehicles at the plant .
< p > @ quaker oats co. said it 's considering bidding on certain of beatrice co. 's food lines .
a mattel spokesman said the company is `` disappointed '' by the downgrade . `` we 're encouraged by the positive customer response to our 1988 toy line and are realizing cost savings from our restructuring program , '' he added .
the information age has been put on hold . by now , consumers nationwide could have been taking advantage of all kinds of special services through their telephone lines -- checking airline schedules or baseball scores , tracking prices of their favorite stocks , arranging to watch pay-for-view movies on their tv sets .
then we go , gliding by hills and ledges , with distant walls in view ; sweeping past sharp angles of rock ; stopping at a few points to examine rapids , which we find can be run , until we have made another five miles , when we land for dinner . then we let down with lines , over a long rapid , and start again .
it traditionally has sold its funds through direct marketing techniques , such as newspaper and magazine advertising backed by a telephone network . although the company clearly is n't abandoning such methods , it is looking to broker-dealers to sell the new fund line .
students of economics learn that this is simply not true . russian consumers now wait in line to buy lemons at a low price .
the nikolai quarter , for example , sports a set of new dining accommodations , but a recent hunt for a restaurant lunch there was as depressing as ever . lines spilled out into the street and around corners .
but , he adds , support costs are high . customers who buy the upgrades average two calls apiece to the company 's help lines , the same number as for new customers .
last month , the closely held american natural beverage corp. of new york got anheuser-busch cos. of st. louis to change the logo on its zeltzer seltzer soft drink , which american natural claimed was `` confusingly similar '' to packaging for its soho natural soda . and last november , blue mountain arts inc. of boulder , colo. , won an injunction barring hallmark cards inc. of kansas city , mo. , from distributing a line of greeting cards blue mountain alleged were copied from its designs .
`` gm has lost market share in every market segment in which it competes , '' said ronald a. glantz , an analyst with montgomery securities in san francisco . he said gm 's success this year with its chevrolet beretta and corsica compact cars seems to have come at the expense of its other car lines , including its new intermediates , the pontiac grand prix , buick regal and oldsmobile cutlass supreme .
such foggy rhetoric reflects a 30-year-long weakening of the democratic and republican parties . they have fewer and fewer strong adherents divided by clear lines of traditional left-right ideology .
toyota already makes about 200 corolla fx and fx-16 model cars a day in with general motors corp. at a joint venture plant in fremont , calif. the engines in both those lines are 1.6 liter .
we found the house really has a board floor under all that dirt . we washed all the bedding , and it 's hanging on the line right now .
those men who , like me , have been removed for some years from the ceaseless bird-dogging of their college days will enjoy ms. hite 's listing of `` pickup lines '' now popular in college watering holes . for every line that employs the tools of the new age -- `` i 've been taking all these women 's studies courses and i 'm so confused about my sexuality '' -- there 's one that counterbalances it with time-honored male logic for example , `` i bought you a beer ! ''
the diamond star assembly plant in normal , ill. , is scheduled for completion in the spring of 1988. the company said it will introduce a new line of passenger cars in the 1989 model year .
mattel inc. , based in hawthorne , calif. , is expected to report more bullish numbers than it did a year ago . helped by booming sales in its barbie doll line , hot wheels racing cars and disney toys for preschoolers , mattel 's per-share earnings should jump by better than 50 % to about 70 cents , estimates mr. mcgowan .
as the capacity utilization figures indicate , the american economy is terrific at production . however , once a product is off the line and in the hands of a customer , it seems that all too often the system breaks down .
`` young lady , i 'm afraid some of your ideas need rethinking before you carry them out into the world . `` it was a pleasantly tough smile on a face itself pleasantly tough , despite the blurring of line that overweight and the passing years had brought , and shirley 's answering smile lit up the corners of her personality .
so the japan of the 21st century may be expected to assume the role of a mature creditor country , importing more than it is exporting , and earning more from its foreign asset holdings than it is investing abroad to add to them . finally , the deep-seated mercantilist orientation of the japanese economy will probably be buffeted by two strong forces in the international trade arena formal and informal protectionism in the u.s. and european markets as well as the displacement of japanese consumer durable products by competing lines from south korea , taiwan , singapore and hong kong .
such arrangements would dilute the company 's control over sales of its technology , and could step on the toes of ibm 's sales representatives and dealers by creating competition for them . the fact that the armonk , n.y. , computer giant is willing to consider such arrangements largely reflects its attempt to establish its ps/2 line as a standard .
prices range from $ 1,954 for a personal computer based on intel 's 80286 microprocessor to $ 8,653 for one based on the 386 chip . by announcing the line only two months after international business machines corp. unveiled its own new family of personal computers , ncr is attempting to sway potential ibm corporate customers to buy ncr machines , three of which compete directly with the ibm computers .
in general , industry executives , analysts and members of user groups say someone who wants business software will want to look at ibm-compatible machines , and particularly at tandy models introduced last month . a consumer who does n't know computer basics and wants a machine that 's especially easy to use may want to look at the apple line , including one of the macintoshes introduced in march .
though della femina is only a fraction of the size of giants like young & rubicam and ogilvy & mather , mr. della femina 's flair has garnered the agency more than its share of headlines . mr. della femina became a fixture on tv news reports about acquired immune deficiency syndrome , for example , after his agency created the line , `` i enjoy sex , but i 'm not ready to die for it , '' for lifestyles condoms .
the dairy operations , based in johnson city , tenn. , produce milk , ice cream and cottage cheese in the carolinas , florida , georgia , tennessee , virginia and parts of west virginia . the company is n't discontinuing any dairy lines , mr. melsheimer said .
most of his republican colleagues are cowering wimpishly before organized labor 's tv-ad onslaught . this bit of demagogy features a line about golden parachutes for the bosses and nothing for the workers -- as if there were somewhere a law mandating golden parachutes , or prohibiting labor from seeking whatever notification and severance procedures it wants through collective bargaining .
ken butterworth , chairman and chief executive officer , said the company expects quarterly sales to exceed $ 100 million compared with $ 81 million . mr. butterworth said the company 's lines are strong both in the u.s. and internationally .
< p > @ all of punditry is treating lloyd bentsen 's crack that dan quayle is `` no jack kennedy '' as the best line of the campaign , but for the wrong reasons .
chevrolet will market renamed versions of its nova , sprint and spectrum under the new badge , hoping to sharpen the identity of what is now a muddled array of subcompacts . the division also plans to include a new imported jeep-like sport-utility vehicle in the line , according to dealers and company sources .
its main defense products are radar and heat-seeking missile decoys and communications systems for anti-submarine warfare . its commercial lines include electronic microscopes and fuses for industrial and electronics products .
rebates on buick electras , le sabres and centuries all dropped to $ 500 from $ 750 . sales were strong across virtually all manufacturers ' lines .
he could see the crumpled form lying on the deck , spray driving into him , in danger of being washed over the side . merewether tried to loosen the line that secured him to the shrouds and make his way forward to give assistance .
currently , new york-based at & t leases more conventional consumer phones at $ 2.70 to $ 8.85 a month . the telecommunications company added it will begin leasing three other specialized models , including one with two lines , in august .
meanwhile , mcdonnell douglas corp. is conducting its own propfan aircraft development program . the st. louis-based company believes the program could bring propfan-powered derivatives of its current md-80 line onto the market in early 1991 .
< p > @ shakespeare 's famous line about killing the lawyers may have been superseded .
as before , we drifted down upon it . tackles were made fast and lines flung to the men , who scrambled aboard like monkeys .
may speed up customs the u.s. customs service thinks it can shorten the lines for clearing customs -- at least for businesses .
the wang cs computer will run the same software as the 70,000 wang 2200 series computers already installed . some wang users had worried that the company might stop making the line as it concentrates on selling office automation products to large and medium-sized organizations .
seiko instruments usa inc. , torrance , calif. , said it has reached a joint agreement with kisho corp. of japan to develop and market a line of consumer audio products for the u.s. market . seiko , the u.s. unit of seiko instruments inc. , said the consumer products will include a line of audio compact disk players , portable radio/cassette players , personal cassette players and home compact disk bookshelf systems .
he closed his eyes and tried to make his mind a blank , and he had almost dropped off to sleep when the telephone rang , sending a jolt through him like an electric charge . he picked it up and said , `` hello , `` and immediately wished he had n't , because it was selden fulton at the other end of the line .
the option is especially appealing , they said , because demand for organs is up but donations are down . `` there are a lot of people that can be helped that you would otherwise have waiting in line , '' said dr. dixon kaufman , a transplant fellow at the university of minneosta .
the sheer mass of the black majority -- 26 million , to 5 million whites -- has trampled color barriers in the larger cities . urbanization has obscured tribal lines .
there is no sugar . to pay for their purchases , shoppers stand in yet another line .
senators are constantly asked to choose between particular regional needs and nationwide goals , and the good ones learn to balance their loyalites . they walk a fine line in doing it . the career diplomats in kabul also had a fine line to walk .
but it 'll let them establish beachheads in some dec and ibm accounts . `` the unisys source said the machines , to be called the a1 , the a4 and the a6 , will be marketed against the models 20 , 40 and 60 respectively of ibm 's new 9370 line , joining the competition for small-business accounts and for sales to departments in large companies .
soon a detachment of sailors gathered at the base of the lighthouse to work out a way to get thompson down . homemade kites with lines attached were flown up in the air .
`` but i 'm the only republican candidate who 's going to vote for that treaty in the senate. '' mr . bush campaigns as a man in logical line to the white house .
`` as junk-bond issuers ca n't make their interest payments , there will be a reckoning , '' he said . elsewhere downtown , big lines formed for tickets to the illinois lottery 's saturday lotto drawing .
mr. fireman said that he will focus his own efforts on strategic planning , acquisitions and overseeing operations . canton , mass.-based reebok has grown rapidly , with sales tripling last year to $ 919.4 million , on the strength of its stylish aerobic shoes followed by other athletic shoe lines .
in brief , the story about marc connelly is one of those transfers of jokes that always occur when a joke is good . the man really responsible for the line attributed to connelly was , in fact , nicholas longworth when he was speaker of the house . furthermore , his position gave the line its real point -- the point being that the speakership in longworth 's day was not the dingy partisan and money-raising post that it has now become .
revlon sold bain de soleil to procter & gamble co. the few major beauty lines still owned by pharmaceutical companies include schering-plough corp. 's maybelline and pfizer inc. 's coty line .
we passed some crumbling houses on the left . the clothes on the line were flying in the wind .
now , if someone was to cut the arm of that hoist almost through , then the first time doc got a good heavy dredge-load outa the water the arm 'd most likely break , and the whole thing 'd go straight to the bottom . might even take doc with it , if he got fouled up in the line .
indeed , if mr. wright were a member of the executive branch , even the trivia the ethics committee is willing to investigate might prove politically fatal . we ca n't get too concerned about drawing lines between public and private expenditure of an aide 's time , but in 1983 former assistant hud secretary e.s . savas was driven out of washington because one of his assistants without his knowledge had a government secretary spend 20 hours typing corrections in the manuscript for his scholarly book , `` privatizing the public sector . ''
`` whoa ! `` george cried , and pulled on the lines so hard that he sat down almost on top of his father 's head .
somewhat tamer than the previous midler-disney collaborations , `` big business '' is still peppy enough . as city sadie , the corporate queen , ms. midler gets the most pointed , and the funniest , lines , which she delivers like the seasoned pro she is .
< p > @ weyerhaeuser co. said earnings in its fourth quarter ended dec. 27 jumped 35 % on a 23 % sales increase , as the dollar 's decline strengthened markets for many lines .
united 's shares closed at $ 34.50 , down 87.5 cents , in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday . quarterly sales grew in flight systems , which includes sikorsky helicopters , and defense electronics and aircraft products lines ; building systems , primarily otis elevators and carrier air-conditioning systems ; and industrial products , such as automotive products , essex wire and cable , and control systems .
within days , prime minister noboru takeshita felt compelled to apologize for his country . but for sanrio , which produced and marketed the sambo caricatures as the design on a best-selling line of toys and beachwear , the consequences were more tangible and potentially more lasting .
we should enlarge the franchise , not change it. '' mr . jackson called the wall street journal to complain about a front-page story last week that quoted a number of moderate or conservative democrats charging mr. jackson with threatening to split the party along racial and class lines , especially if michael dukakis loses the election to george bush next tuesday .
the new software -- dubbed mvs/esa -- wo n't become available until august , but it could already be giving sierra sales a lift . gartner 's research shows that prices for used mainframes from the ibm line that preceded sierra have fallen about 60 % over the last six months , after holding firm for a year .
< p > @ caterpillar inc. said it was selected by navistar international corp. , a chicago-based truck manufacturer , to supply fuel system components for navistar 's future line of diesel engines .
`` like a pirate ship with a hundred guns , hallmark 's army of lawyers are trying to prove that might makes right . `` the dispute developed when hallmark produced a line of cards similar to those of blue mountain -- both featured watercolor decorations and long free-verse poetry with mostly personal messages .
this attitude is at the root of most of the cheating that has become so prevalent lately , above all among successful students in `` good `` schools . the line is not easy to draw between reading a teacher 's mind , or making him think you know what you do n't know , and outright cheating .
all animal life was new and full of wonder for jim as much as for chet , and he longed to see a fish , to touch its scaly sides , to examine its gills . but when ten minutes had passed without a nibble on chet 's line , jim started to give up hope .
basically , this is because the noise is eliminated in the process of converting the signal into light pulses . the result is that noise generated at the sending end is n't transmitted , and there is no `` line noise `` as such .
shoppers must bag their groceries in most supermarkets , a requirement that does n't dent the high food prices . in return , you have to wait as long as 40 minutes in long checkout lines .
`` there are all kinds of guidelines this violates , '' says retired col. john miller , editor of the naval institute 's proceedings magazine . `` the line was crossed sometime before .
< p > @ the ergon line of office chairs is indisputably a success .
mr. exley said orders were `` particularly strong '' for the company 's personal computers and tower family of supermicrocomputers . the company in may bolstered its personal computer line with three new computers and a workstation , including one based on intel corp. 's powerful 80386 microprocessor .
at kraft , based in glenview , ill. , mr. miles has been credited with a string of successes such as a `` light '' version of philadelphia brand cream cheese , and with introducing products and raising sales and profits in the highly competitive dairy business , which includes such brands as frusen gladje ice cream . mr. miles has stepped up annual volume growth on several of kraft 's brands to about 4 % a year from 1 % , largely through line extensions -- new versions of existing products .
although it seemed evident that sen. bentsen gave the far more polished performance last night , republicans were hopeful that expectations were so low for sen. quayle -- who has been constantly criticized and even ridiculed since his selection -- that merely staying on his feet for 90 minutes and not making any embarrassing slip-ups will remove him as a liability for the gop ticket . the post-debate analysis fell along predictable partisan lines , with each side saying that its man did better .
the plays are not so much updated as they are de-dated ; and although mr. bogdanov is clearly trying to make this old news seem fresher to contemporary audiences , they nonetheless tend to snicker when they first notice the computer terminal or the plastic shopping bag that has cropped up without warning . the fact is that audiences do n't need such gimmicky `` relevance '' if they are given clear , carefully thought-out line readings coinciding with carefully planned stage movement .
so far , os/2 has n't sold well , mainly because there were no programs that tap the operating system 's snazzy graphics and ability to juggle several computing tasks at once . sidekick provides a planner calendar , an automated phonebook , a calculator , a bare-bones word processor , and makes it easy for a personal computer to connect with other computers through telephone lines .
but many concerns trying to crack the general market say they faced formidable barriers because of perceptions that black companies were unreliable or their products low-quality . consider johnson products co. 's experience when , in the late 1970s , it launched `` black tie , '' a line of men 's toiletries that was heavily advertised using mostly white actors and models .
< p > @ digital equipment corp. and cray research inc. , as expected , said they will jointly market and develop products to link their lines of computers .
`` the thing that hit hardest was the energy crisis , '' mr. atkins said . if someone `` had to wait in line for gas for his car , he could n't justify '' waiting for gas for a snowmobile .
snowflakes swirl and the wind creeps in through cracks in a wall of the shack where santiago medrano lives . mr. medrano folds his arms and shivers as he waits in line for the evening 's meal of corn tortillas and shredded beef .
hispanic tracking telemundo group and univision holdings , as expected , signed a contract with a.c. nielsen for the development of a national hispanic tv rating service using people meters . new accounts crystal brands jewelry group , new york , awarded its monet , trifari and marvella lines to margeotes fertitta & weiss , new york .
and it 's looking to new markets , such as the soviet union and china , where potential is huge but initial investment can be small . founded in 1868 as a maker of ready-to-wear clothing , gft by 1987 made 60 different lines of clothes , including some of its own design , which it distributes in 70 countries .
he brushes aside protests from pink-telephone services that the action restricts free speech . `` there is n't any law that says we have to provide chat lines , '' the official says . he estimates that the gab lines were bringing their operators at least 100 million french francs ( $ 15.6 million ) a year . despite the ban , french officials say their crackdown on other forms of dial-a-porn is limited by the same legal void that exists in the u.s. nothing in french law restricts what two individuals can say over a telephone line . unless somebody involved can be judged guilty of `` inciting debauchery , '' the only way to prevent pornographic services is to close down an entire category of them -- as france has done with the gab lines .
she said the tires are shaved to low tread depth for competition . japan 's yokohama could n't be reached , but industry experts said its a001r/a008r line also is a racing-style tire .
in addition to the knight-ridder-tribune and scripps-howard wires , the other major news wires operated by newspapers are the new york times news service , and los angeles times/washington post news service . over telephone lines , each service transmits news stories and features to subscribing newspapers .
abc also is testing new marketing approaches for its soaps . it has created a soap-opera trivia contest on radio and a special 900 telephone line called `` soap talk . ''
the stunts performed on the rope were the most interesting to me , however . the tightly stretched line served as a horizontal bar ; it had just enough spring to allow the contestants to combine their strength , nimbleness , and sense of timing into an astonishing array of acrobatic tricks .
nestle , the swiss giant , has jumped into the u.s. chilled-food market on two fronts . its nestle enterprises subsidiary , based in solon , ohio , is test-marketing a line of upscale entrees and salads called freshnes .
but the most effective check on desktop computer gurus , experts say , is a computer-literate manager . such bosses can recognize the often murky distinction between productivity and play on a computer , and can draw the line clearly so their workers wo n't get led astray .
the range of specialized services now includes rack-and-pinon steering system maintenance , truck and van wheel alignment , fuel injection cleaning and suspension system repairs . to supplement its inexpensive , private-label line of cornell tires and to attract upscale customers , the company now stocks such brands as bridgestone , goodyear and goodrich . in addition , pep boys is carrying raybestos , a more expensive brand of brakes , and a line of lifetime-warranty parts called true blue .
in 1985 , in an `` nbc nightly news '' report , he disclosed that w.r. ( buster ) o'brien , the unsuccessful republican candidate for virginia 's attorney general , had n't played football for three professional teams as mr. o'brien had contended . for that portion of the story , nbc showed tape of mr. o'brien at the state prison , including standing behind bars , with a bode voice-over saying `` a politician who adds a phony line to his resume could wind up with an all-expense-paid visit to a place like this . ''
news shows used to be sacrosanct -- you showed real footage or you did n't show anything . today , those lines are blurred .
`` very odd , `` agreed alix . there was one instant of curious and speculative silence on the line .
he was investigating a routine complaint , he said , but we were in the clear as far as he was concerned ; jack was a fine healthy donkey . he asked about exercise , and we showed him the exercise line .
but clever design makes them appear even thinner than they are . this week the line of appliances , which includes a coffee maker , can opener with optional knife-sharpener and a task light , won the industrial design excellence award in the `` product '' category from the industrial designers society of america .
< p > @ lsi logic corp. , a milpitas , calif.-based semiconductor concern , said it entered into a long-term agreement with closely held mips computer systems to manufacture and market mips 's line of 32-bit microprocessors , including reduced-instruction-set computing , or risc , chips .
a north carolina auto dealer plans to use the japanese-style `` house call '' method to sell toyota motor corp. 's new line of luxury cars in the u.s. rick hendrick iii , who runs one of the nation 's largest multifranchise `` megadealerships '' out of charlotte , n.c. , said he plans to sell toyota 's new lexus line of upscale cars by using the sales technique in some north and south carolina markets .
let virtue be its own reward . `` he draws the line , however , at altruism aimed at the welfare of subhuman species `` the human heart is distended until it is as big as all outdoors . ''
wall street chaos spurs activity in a $ 99 , simulated trading game from wall street games inc. , wellesley , mass . with nothing real at stake , players still swamped the game 's toll-free telephone lines , selling stocks short on monday and buying on tuesday and yesterday .
`` an l.a. solution , '' explains mr. friedman . line by line mr. friedman 's weary cynicism can be amusing , especially when he 's riffing on the hollywood social scheme -- the way people size each other up , immediately canceling the desperate ones who merely almost made it .
its next new , high-volume car , the mid-sized gm10 model , wo n't debut until this fall , and then only initially in one version at one division . until then , the company has to rely on its existing lines , which have n't been selling well , despite cash rebates , option package rebates and low-interest finance rates that currently cover more than half its cars .
the company bought back 21 million common shares in a `` dutch auction , '' and had 239.1 million shares outstanding as of june 30 , compared with 250.9 million a year ago . operating profit in rjr 's food business climbed 14 % , to $ 271 million from $ 238 million , sparked by strong volume gains in the nabisco brands cookie and cracker lines and in some of the specialty products of its grocery business .
`` while canterbury stood silent , a kent state functionary stared at lunine and said , `` those students should n't be on that hill . there has to be a line drawn somewhere .
company headquarters stands tall over central mexico city in a vaguely m-shaped tower . there are no lines of angry customers , no cowed managers , no bossy subordinates .
that , he says , is worrisome `` if the ethics of the corporation become the ethics of the universities , then we 're really in trouble . `` even now , university business programs `` walk a lot thinner line regarding ethics than they used to , '' says charles hickman , director of projects and member services for the american assembly of collegiate schools of business .
claude p. mancel , formerly on a special assignment at the technical center , was named manager , research and development , at the center , succeeding mr. booth . thomas a. moore , formerly general manager of the vidal sassoon hair-products line , was named manager , health and personal care products division , succeeding mr. lieppe . karen l. hendricks , formerly associate director , product development , health and personal care products division , was named general manager of the vidal sassoon line .
with cat-like care not to roil his majesty 's bath , i step in , and stand stock-still for five minutes to let things calm down . the while , i strip out , oil , dry , and coil upon my left hand thirty feet of line .
it wo n't happen again . now there are more lines connected to the chairman 's office , and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk .
bankamerica has been leading the pack , handing out free checking accounts and pushing credit lines with no up-front charges . its seattle-based seafirst corp. unit is offering five bucks to any customer who has to wait in line more than five minutes ( it 's paid out about $ 2,000 so far ) .
his friends look at him in disbelief . `` if you really think that , '' elias says , `` why are n't you in line applying for amnesty ? ''
< p > @ mccormick & co. , a maker of spices , flavorings and other food products , said it agreed in principle to acquire the spice islands line of spices , herbs and vinegars from specialty brands inc. , a subsidiary of united biscuits plc .
the head of an international bank in singapore confirms that he sends his driver onto the streets every weekday at 5 a.m. with instructions not to return without a copy . by getting out so early , the driver can be first in line when the newsstands open .
he does his own writing in one room and tends to black lizard business in the other . the line has done so well that this year mr. ellis sold off his printing business , including the presses , and became a full-time publisher .
the authors find little empirical evidence to support a positive answer to these questions . parents , then , can nod and smile to the ann landerses of the checkout lines and escape with their confidence intact .
`` it started to aggravate our agents and inconvenience our passengers , '' says marc wallace , a united vice president . united 's employees began suggesting to the continental passengers that they defect to united 's shorter line .
yet , at times , justice scalia can be unpredictable . he has said the court should rethink its 1973 test in which local community standards are used to decide when pornography is protected by the first amendment ; the line is too hard to draw .
but this leaves a man on the rock above , holding to the line of the little boat . when all is ready , he springs from the rock , clinging to the line with one hand , and swimming with the other , and we pull him in as he goes by .
mr. perrin said he is confident the talks will reach a conclusion in the next year or so . he said cartier is also talking with two other closely held european luxury-goods companies about expanding its market shares in other lines .
teachers say they ca n't recall a single week in the past four years when they did n't go on strike . in the courtyard , under a corrugated metal roof , a score of mothers wait in line for their children 's report cards .
the disk drives will doubtless sell well when they finally become available . but the as/400 , ibm 's highly successful minicomputer line , is losing its momentum , and some analysts said sales could even decline in the fourth quarter .
so he sells garlic . in one of his stalls in a back-alley market deep in seoul 's south side he sells nothing but garlic hundreds of straw `` chops '' or lines hang from the ceiling , each chop with 100 bulbs of garlic attached to it , each bulb containing five to 10 cloves .
`` it 's nothing new , '' says peter teeley , an old associate and former press secretary to the vice president . he recalls , with tender sentiment , a bush line from the 1980 campaign .
reebok international ltd. said it reached an agreement in principle to buy the boston whaler unit of cml group inc. for about $ 42 million , signaling a significant broadening of reebok 's product base . reebok has made several acquisitions in recent years to expand its athletic footwear and sportswear lines .
a special panel of rjr nabisco inc. directors questioned president f. ross johnson and some top lieutenants yesterday about the state of the company 's businesses . the session was part of the panel 's `` due diligence '' process , as it seeks to evaluate rjr 's food and tobacco lines and lay the groundwork for considering bids for them .
for example , the lowest priced 1989 pontiac grand prix will cost $ 13,899 , up 10.8 % , or $ 1,360 , from the 1988 base model price of $ 12,539 . the grand prix , the best-selling of gm 's new line of midsized cars , will now have air conditioning as standard equipment .
hartmarx agreed june 27 to sell country miss , based in easton , pa. , to lb for about $ 62 million , the filing says . country miss , which makes and retails moderately priced sportswear , is on the block because it does n't fit into hartmarx 's focus on upscale , higher-quality clothing lines .
as they stood in the charles schwab office late yesterday , the investors , many of them elderly , stayed near the machines . they took turns punching in their stocks , then headed to the back of the line .
but for all the then-and-now charm , each story has to be shoehorned into little yesterday , today and tomorrow boxes . the fit is often awkward in their search for a tomorrow to throw in , the producers give us such half-hearted lines as , `` in a future war , my lai could happen again . ''
`` you came here to fish , `` said galkin . `` put your line in the water , then sit down and tell me all about yourself . ``
in one instance , miss skala was able to tone down some raw dialogue by suggesting a substitute joke she remembered from her acting career in austria , where she was born . in a scene with miss crouse , she added a line , `` you need joy . ''
< p > @ donald kelly is holding talks with kohlberg kravis that could lead to another beatrice co. spinoff , or to mr. kelly buying one or more of beatrice 's huge food lines .
a polaroid spokesman said the cambridge , mass.-based company sold 4.3 million instant cameras last year , an 800,000 increase from 1985 , and that sales of the company 's new spectra camera , introduced in april , accounted for the bulk of the increase . `` spectra was the big gun in terms of ( the increase in camera ) units sold , and spectra sold for more money than our other camera lines , '' he said .
some answers are surprisingly simple . with market-research assistance arranged by netaac , a paper company introduced a line of snazzy paper sold with instructions to write a resume .
his approach was at times very broad -- saying there was only a `` semantic '' difference between military and non-lethal `` humanitarian '' aid for the contras -- and at times very narrow -- arguing a distinction between `` covert actions '' and clandestine `` special activities . `` in a telling exchange , adm. poindexter acknowledged that even col. north had difficulty `` drawing the fine line that the president was drawing '' in defending the early iran initiative and the plan to sell weapons to a nation that supported terrorists .
and the ramifications will go far beyond international economics . there is a fine line between trade and politics in the persian gulf nations .
the four new 4381 computers are priced between $ 225,000 and $ 890,000 . the most potent of the four , the model 24 , is at least six times more powerful than the entry level offering in the eight-model line .
we can climb it , and walk along its summit to a point where we are just at the head of the fall . here the basalt is broken down again , so it seems to us , and i direct the men to take a line to the top of the cliff , and let the boats down along the wall . one man remains in the boat , to keep her clear of the rocks , and prevent her line from being caught on the projecting angles .
kodak asked that judge zobel now withdraw from the case and that all of her orders since 1981 be vacated . judge zobel ruled in 1985 that kodak 's since-discontinued line of cameras infringed on seven polaroid patents , and kodak 's appeals failed .
but this is its first venture into the $ 1.5 billion mass market cosmetic business . noxell 's cover girl and clarion lines have a combined 25.4 % share , followed by maybelline , with 17.7 % and revlon , with 13.9 % .
as bedtime approaches , the xus sit together on a worn sofa and entertain their visitor by singing their favorite music , a chinese opera called `` marriage of a goddess. '' mr . xu stumbles occasionally reading his lines and has to ask his wife for help .
what this indicates is that when order growth accelerates . . . each incremental revenue dollar will generate a lot of profit , '' mr. schulman added . since the stock market crash , digital has been trying to walk a fine line between expanding market share -- by increasing sales and marketing spending -- and controlling costs .
it might even be expressed more forcibly still the admiral at the battleship 's bridge , the admiral with the broad gold on his sleeve , irascibly signalling `` expedite , `` was at that particular moment a less important person than the warrant bosun , wet through , worn out , and yet still swinging out the boom and hose with all the accurate judgement of twenty years of experience . the work had begun before daylight ; and night was about to fall when the last line was cast off and faked down .
< p > @ the big institutional investors are n't buying wall street 's line about now being a great time to jump back into the stock market with both feet .
for instance , wisconsin canner stokely usa inc. is fighting a david vs. goliath battle with general foods and kraft for freezer-case space for its competing lines of single-serve vegetables .
the average price chevron received for west texas intermediate , a benchmark product , rose to $ 18 a barrel from $ 14 a year ago ; it currently is $ 20 . `` although benefiting our domestic exploration and production operations , this strengthening in crude oil prices has n't helped our refining and marketing results , '' mr. keller added , noting that those lines were hurt by reduced returns on sales .
`` get down now , `` cluveau said . ned handed bam the lines .
the singletree on the off side dragged and bounced against the front wheel . the lines in the professor 's hands drooped down onto the tongue and neck yoke .
the crew strolled aboard in small groups , as inconspicuously as possible , so as not to suggest to the french dockhands of the night shift that we might be sailing . at midnight we removed the lines from the pillars .
-- - you quoted ford 's old line that the edsel was the first `` all-new '' car from detroit 's big three in 18 years and that ford spent $ 250 million to develop it ( ford 's propaganda always said a quarter of a billion -- it sounded bigger that way ) .
yet , in the intervening years , p & g has boldly changed how and where it does business . determined to take advantage of growing markets overseas , the company turned around its early debacle in japan , where its diaper and detergent lines in particular were faltering .
there was a tiny hesitation , and then emmy said , with curious emphasis , `` i 'm all right . it 's you that ... `` there was a click , and the line went dead .
in its complaint filed in the u.s. district court for the southern district of new york , american natural beverage corp. , maker of soho natural soda , claims anheuser-busch 's packaging for zeltzer seltzer is `` confusingly similar '' to that for soho natural . closely held american natural said it has used its current packaging design for soho natural since 1982 and sells the fruit-flavored line of sodas in 33 states .
regional long-distance revenue increased 13 % to $ 345.3 million from $ 305.2 million . new telephone lines grew 2.5 % to 11.7 million from 11.4 million .
later that night he scraped together as much debris as he could find in the cabin and tried to bury the untouched coon . doc painter had fastened a line to the water can and withdrew it the next morning , refilling it and slipping it back in again under the door .
coloroll also just finished sorting out crown house plc . mr. ashcroft sold crown house 's engineering interests , raising # 57 million of the # 87 million ( $ 141.6 million ) takeover price . to save the operations it wanted -- mainly tableware lines -- mr. ashcroft accelerated his usual eight-week timetable for reorganizing acquired companies .
the company said it intends to sell its consumer products lines so it can concentrate on businesses that provide the most potential for `` long-term growth and profitability . `` regency said it will try to sell its lines of scanners , information radio products , and marine radios , which together generated about 24 % of the company 's $ 75 million in sales for the fiscal year ended june 30 .
several data systems executives have quit recently . john walsh , a vice president in charge of the 3b minicomputer line , surprised colleagues in january when he left to join a small west coast videoconferencing concern .
time and again he had rehearsed an answer referring to the victims in his family and asserting to mr. bush , `` i do n't need any lectures from you about crime . `` he did n't deliver the line or even refer to his father or brother .
< p > @ quaker fabric corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to sell its tufted-velvet and flock-upholstery fabric lines to culp inc. for $ 5.6 million , subject to various adjustments .
the judge is expected to clarify his ruling this week . lord geller has handled both corporate and product advertising for ibm , and is perhaps best known for the charlie chaplin campaign it created for ibm 's personal computer line .
who would have guessed women and wit were part of the democratic party of 1988 . `` george bush was born with a silver foot in his mouth '' is the only memorable line to come out of this convention so far .
`` most fast-food operators are n't true to their original products anymore and that strategy is working , '' mr. rockwell said . he cited a new line of bagels introduced by pillsbury co. 's burger king corp. unit , a superbar buffet that includes italian and mexican items at wendy 's international inc. and packaged salads at mcdonald 's .
some believers say the madonna is spilling tears of joy . but after waiting in line for an hour to see the icon the other day , alice stavrides takes a dimmer view `` it means society had better shape up . ''
kaypro corp. , which entered the computer sales market in 1982 with a line of transportable computers , said it discontinued the line , and partly as a result , the computer products concern posted a fiscal fourth-quarter net loss . kaypro said the line of transportables , which are larger and bulkier than portable machines , was dropped because of `` competitive pressures and the amount of sales effort '' required to promote it . the line accounted for only about 5 % of kaypro 's sales of $ 105.6 million for the fiscal year ended aug. 28 , a company spokeswoman said .
atlanta-based bellsouth recently gave the party line a new function and renamed it ring master . atlanta-based bellsouth recently gave the party line a new function and renamed it ring master . the service allows a residential customer to have as many as three telephone numbers fed into the home through the existing single telephone line .
at & t 's recent price decreases have not been shown to result from increased efficiency , deregulation or competition . they are largely the result of the fcc 's effort to shift telephone costs from long-distance carriers to local monopoly companies through increases in subscriber line charges and separation changes .
the company , which had said it would install driver-side air bags on oldsmobile delta 88 models as optional equipment in the 1988-model year , said it would install the safety devices on additional models in future years . the no . 1 auto maker said an estimated 500,000 air bags will be installed during 1990 on selected car lines .
while the palo alto , calif.-based company had expected the supply to be looser by now , mr. young said , it has n't , and the company ca n't predict when the situation might improve . he noted that the shortage , had pushed back introduction of a new model in its vectra personal computer line to at least july from the march unveiling originally planned .
there were immediate ego and technical problems to deal with . `` it was like trying to shepherd a group of wild animals into a straight line , '' said one of the participants , who asked not to be named .
mr. bush , the scion of an upperclass eastern family , chose the more polished navy . judging from mr. hynes 's descriptions , those are the class lines along which that choice usually was made `` of my flight school friends , it was certainly true that the well-bred ones tended to take navy commissions ; and those like myself who felt provincial , or common , or underbred , chose the marine corps , where those qualities would n't show . ''
that pricing tactic is expected to be used widely in the model year that begins thursday , because auto makers expect a sales decline next year and thus will try to compensate by boosting profit per vehicle . the buick regal is the first of gm 's new line of midsized cars developed under the code name `` gm-10 . ''
mr. wallace said the printer wo n't work with apple computer inc. 's popular macintosh computers , but will be tuned to do so sometime in the future . apple offers its own line of laser printers priced from about $ 3,000 to $ 7,000 , but offers nothing technologically comparable to the deskjet .
you have to build an awfully big company to get a reasonable return . `` such investments are risked more easily by large companies , such as international business machines corp. and apple , that can subsidize research and development out of profits from older lines .
trico said that upon signing of a definitive agreement , it will withdraw the `` poison pill '' shareholder rights plan it adopted last month . a paccar spokesman said the company thinks trico 's operations will make `` a good fit '' with the company 's current lines .
thus , when mr. dukakis went to annapolis wednesday for a statehouse-steps rally to taunt mr. bush for backing out of the presidential debate that was to have been held there , access was controlled by issuing tickets through democratic leaders for the best viewing area , which was roped off . the bush campaign , meanwhile , has taken to distributing cases of air horns to supporters that can be sounded whenever the vice president delivers an applause line so there will be a din of enthusiastic cheering on television -- and also can be used to drown out the chants of any dukakis supporters who might materialize .
he picked up the telephone . `` this is eddie , `` he said , when foley came on the line .
her own marriage is an even richer source for the strip . mrs. johnston often interrupts a marital argument to jot down a particularly good line , says her husband , rod .
a soaring dollar would wipe out the competitive edge of u.s. manufacturers , and probably spark a recession . eaton may be walking a dangerous line by putting so much faith in the lower dollar .
some 60 tired poles queue in the lobby of super sam , a big food market . they have n't reached food lines yet ; this is a line for shopping carts .
microcom makes computer communications equipment . meridian markets the carbon copy line of software .
on some regionals , in fact , specialists have strong ties to the third market because they are free , as big board specialists are not , to shop with third-market firms when trying to buy or sell blocks . the lines between the third market and the other markets are blurring in other ways .
from george washington 's time on up to 1932 , you were able on new year 's day to shake hands with the president of the united states . you just got in line , no questions asked , and waited your turn .
terms of the transaction with henkel , which is expected to close early next year , were n't disclosed . the nopco line has annual sales of about $ 160 million .
gerald greenwald , chairman of chrysler 's chrysler motors unit , said that mitsubishi motors corp. will produce the car in japan until a new chrysler-mitsubishi joint-venture plant in normal , ill. , is completed in 1989. the summit will be the third car in the eagle line of chrysler 's new jeep/eagle division .
similarly , black & decker is facing its japanese competition head-on . last month it signed an agreement with shin-daiwa kogyo ltd. to market a special line of black & decker professional power tools in japan .
< p > @ it started out with a line in ronald reagan 's 1986 state of the union address asking a member of his cabinet to come up with a program in which `` the private sector and government can work together '' to protect americans hit by catastrophic illnesses from financial ruin .
the sellers of radishes and cucumbers are bored . so are the frozen fish merchants , but the poultry dealers are busy , watched vacantly by customers in line .
new account national football league properties , new york , named grey advertising , new york , agency of record for its nfl merchandise line called team nfl . billings were n't disclosed .
`` that was the last time bell ever talked on the phone . he could n't get his wife off the line .
`` you do n't normally see price reductions in the model year , you usually see incentives . `` the company 's pricing moves are meant to increase buyer interest in chrysler 's slow-selling line .
kayser-roth hosiery inc. plans to unveil today a new brand of pantyhose that it hopes will lure department-store shoppers into the supermarket to buy their dressy nylons . called burlington sheer indulgence , the hosiery line is an attempt to develop a new niche and bring some excitement to the sagging pantyhose market .
many retailers reported tight inventories and few plans for big promotional sales in the weeks ahead . higher-priced goods were the best sellers in lines ranging from toys to apparel , partly because , some retailers thought , of the new tax law , which will eliminate deductions for sales taxes beginning next year .
the obvious reply is that `` tour of duty '' is much more than a macho shoot-'em-up . within the constraints of prime time , it offers powerful yet clear-eyed dramatizations of such diverse topics as racial conflict , substance abuse , the insensitivity of journalists , the arrogance of anti-war protesters , the poignancy of reunions with loved ones , the power of letters from home , trust and mistrust toward the south vietnamese , the line between useful bravery and useless heroics , the ambitions of officers , the deceptions of the enemy .
a few stores are betting heavily on higher hemlines . henri bendel , new york , says 90 % of its line will be short for the spring .
< p > @ international business machines corp. is using the huge computer trade show here this week to try to prove a much disputed marketing claim of the past year and a half that its ps/2 line of personal computers really does offer unique benefits .
`` the premium segment belongs more to pepperidge farm . `` aware of such pitfalls , marketers are closely monitoring consumer reaction to expensive line extensions .
from start to finish , the costumes took eight months to complete in bulk . finally , confident it had a winner after nearly a year of development , hasbro gave a sneak preview of the five-doll line to four top toy retailers in september 1985 .
no more big workforce cutbacks are planned , he said . cincinnati bell hopes to stimulate revenue growth for telephone operations by offering more services and introducing a new line of leased telephone equipment , mr. hibbard said in an interview .
for example , although hasbro , the biggest toy maker , also markets board games and other `` gender-neutral '' items , it organizes its biggest sellers strictly along sex-role lines . its wholesale catalog features a girls toys line that includes real baby and get in shape , girl ! exercise kits . the boys toys line includes transformers and inhumanoids -- small , hard-plastic characters that in a dollhouse might be considered dolls but in an imaginary war zone are known as `` action figures . ''
overall they increased 2.8 % to 12.1 million , putting u s west over the 12 million mark for the first time . business lines increased 3.7 % to 3.3 million .
< p > @ after signing a multibillion-dollar borrowing , mexican finance minister gustavo petricioli has to tread a careful line between the angry rhetoric of disgruntled major debtors like brazil and the calm words his foreign lenders now expect from mexico .
replied a justin salesman `` exactly . `` the justin merchandise carried wholesale prices some 40 % below those of sony corp. of japan 's `` my first sony '' line .
pacific telecom , vancouver , wash. , also has agreed to retain for five years all current employees of the city 's telephone company and to refrain from requesting new rate increases in that period . in april , anchorage requested bids on its telephone system , setting a minimum price of $ 400 million for its 115,000 lines .
one copyright lawyer familiar with advertising issues said that if the fight gets to court , the dispute would hinge on whether soap opera is `` really poking fun at rolling stone , or whether they 're just using that campaign as a cheap , if you will , creative attempt to ride on their shirttails . `` there is a fine line between parody and copyright infringement .
mr. shaffer said rohm & haas had earnings gains in the latest quarter in its largest segment , which consists of polymers , resins and monomers , and in its second largest segment , industrial chemicals . but plastics segment earnings lagged behind those of a year earlier because of a gain on the sale of the company 's kydex plastic sheet line in 1987 .
the confusion is symbolized by the differences between two former kennedy speech writers now working for mr. dukakis . theodore sorensen , the architect of `` ask not . . . `` and other soaring john kennedy lines , recalls an earlier liberalism of civic obligation and popular community goals .
edward regan , the republican comptroller , said `` it 's normal that the legislature adds { to spending } . it 's up to the executive to draw the line .
terms were n't disclosed . maytag , which makes kitchen appliances and laundry products , said it sold toastmaster , which makes small appliances , to focus on its core lines .
a usg spokesman said the businesses to be sold `` do n't fit in with { usg 's } core businesses '' and do n't meet `` minimum margin requirements . `` usg considers its gypsum , ceiling-tile and dap repair and remodeling lines as well as its wallboard distribution business as core operations , the spokesman said .
once the acquisition is completed , the real work would begin . while chrysler would get at least two acknowledged jewels in the transaction -- the popular and profitable jeep line of utility vehicles , and a new $ 675 million state-of-the-art assembly plant in bramalea , ontario -- it also would have to contend with some problems .
revenue fell 1.1 % to $ 315.2 million from $ 318.8 million because of `` the rapid deterioration in sales of our older '' computer products , said edson d. decastro , president . revenue from the mv line of super-minicomputers grew , he said , and many customers are inquiring about computers , although they have n't yet placed orders .
fragrances linked with gloria vanderbilt , calvin klein , ralph lauren and others have done well , as has colors , a fragrance launched last year by benetton . but andrew shore , a shearson lehman hutton analyst , noted that a successful line of clothing does n't necessarily mean a fragrance will do well .
but he does n't apologize for the idea , because zapmail was an effort to address a real and continuing problem . facsimile machines , which transmit documents over telephone lines , are eating into federal 's overnight business .
however , the case has been clouded recently because kodak is seeking to stay the infringement ruling on the ground that the judge had a potential financial interest in the outcome . polaroid 's entry into the conventional-film business will put it into competition with kodak in a major photography market for the first time since kodak dropped its instant camera line as a result of the patent decision .
after all , despite a few rumblings here and there , the millions who heard ann richards continue to credit her as the wit who said that about ginger and fred . ms. richards seems to know it , too , for on a sunday talk show a few days after the convention , she did allow as how she had taken a line -- the silver-foot-in-the-mouth one -- from lily tomlin 's co-author in `` signs of intelligent life in the universe . `` ( she made no mention of ginger and fred ) .
< p > @ the hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as digital equipment corp. announced its first line of mainframe computers , targeting international business machines corp. 's largest market .
menswear , which in the u.s. now includes fine tailored products , makes up 30 % of sales . mr. frain says he will focus in the u.s. on retail and on more complete menswear lines .
if the world-market price falls below that level ( it is now seven cents ) , quotas for imported sugar are reduced until domestic prices reach 18 cents a pound . this tactic means there is no line item in the budget labeled `` sugar giveaway , '' but that the average family of four must spend an extra $ 100 a year in higher prices for such staples as sugar , peanut butter , ketchup , salad dressing and cereal .
even though christmas gifts account for roughly 60 % of all toy sales , the company is ignoring the holiday altogether this year . not until dec. 26 will it begin a $ 10 million advertising and promotional push for its dino-riders line of dinosaur action figures .
but the pacman defense , to be effective , needed some market momentum to get bendix into play , pushing up its stock price so it would realize the market was taking the martin marietta attack seriously . so just before martin marietta 's bid was unveiled , mr. siegel called mr. boesky and leaked the top secret plan , fully aware that he had just crossed the line of illegality .
earlier this spring , the company launched cholesterol-free mayonnaise and miracle whip . last week , it introduced sealtest free , which it bills as the first national brand of `` nonfat '' ice cream and began testing a line of fat-free salad dressings .
time 2120 , august 22 , 1944 . only a few seamen were on deck to handle the lines .
the team stopped abruptly . he made a half-hitch with the lines at the top of the hayrack 's middle upright , and turned to take his fork .
mrs. smith was standing looking out of the windows , which opened on the water . in the distance a pair of white sailboats were skimming along on the breeze , and closer at hand a water skier was weaving in an intricate pattern at the end of a line attached to a motorboat .
fastened securely to the pin is a barbless hook similar to a fisherman 's gaff . throwing the pin-like float , with rawhide line attached , over and beyond the dead animal , the hunter drags it back across his prize , snagging it with the sharp hook .
anticipated shelf life of the products would range from two to four weeks . last year kraft test-marketed a line of chilled chocolates and salads .
but experts say that program trading of the kind that contributed to the volatility of the new york stock market during the october crash is still a long way off . japanese brokerage firms are yet not allowed to hook up direct computer lines to the tokyo stock exchange .
that 's the conventional theory anyway . in practice , however , the line between interpretation and redefinition of the criminal law long ago began to blur .
he heaved himself to his feet and sat down at the desk , making the long distance call to the wisconsin hospital 's emergency room . the resident who was taking care of mrs. cochran was quickly on the line .
although mr. aganbegyan is believed to have mr. gorbachev 's ear on issues of economic reform , he is only one of many officials working out details of what could be a very controversial and disruptive change in the soviet economy . an economic reformer , mr. aganbegyan believes that lower subsidies would make the economy more efficient and reduce the lines and shortages that soviet consumers currently endure .
journalist linda ellerbee recalls in her book , `` and so it goes , '' reading news on television about the collision of two jumbo jets on tenerife in the canary islands . she writes that she ended the report `` with a poignant line about 576 people whose vacations had ended in death . ''
mazda 's aggressive pricing strategy runs counter to some other import brands that are minimizing their price rises to remain competitive in the u.s. market . nissan motor co. already restructured its entry-level sentra car line by eliminating some models and making standard equipment optional on other 1990 versions .
that 's particularly startling when one considers that most cooks were willing to devote 30 minutes to meal preparation a scant 10 years ago and about an hour in the early '70s . accordingly , campbell soup is testing a microwave soup line for all the people who find it too taxing to open a can and pour the contents into a pot .
it is also an easy political target , and its image of inefficiency and corruption is a drain on the sandinistas ' lagging popular support . micoin is widely blamed for more problems than any 11,000-member ministry could ever possibly hope to fix -- from the extra hours consumers must wait in line for rationed food , to falling agricultural production caused by micoin 's stifling price controls , to the proliferation of a politically hostile class of small merchants operating outside the socialist-planned economy .
woolworth has several specialty footwear units including the foot locker , lady foot locker , and the athletic shoe factory . mr. bryant said clients have also asked him whether some apparel companies might have korea-related problems because , for example , they might have arranged to produce an entire line in that country .
i blow upon my fly to give it one last fluff , lay it on the stream at my feet , and quickly pay out coil after coil . then , just as the line straightens out and the fly is sucked into the jungle , i walk quickly downstream , straining my eyes into the dark vault to follow its fortunes .
george could see , dimly against the water , the shadows of several fish warily circling their unexpected midnight snack . in a short while there was a tug on the line .
there , he works at a formica desk stacked high with newspapers and mail in an open new york newsroom with a dozen other people . he has two phones that seldom stop ringing , plus a line for his best sources -- a network of traders , raiders and sundry other tipsters .
american telephone & telegraph co. said it signed a $ 92 million contract with the navy to install a telecommunications network linking 14 naval facilities in the san francisco bay area . the 10-year agreement includes 40,000 telephone lines , in a system that will have capacity of 120,000 lines .
saturday morning she ran the sweeper and in the afternoon she bought groceries . monday after work she washed the navy blue and white orlon dress she wore sunday to the movies and hung it on the rope line above the bathtub .
on the deck of the winslow , ensign worth bagley stood ready to catch it . before the line could be cast , a shell struck the winslow , instantly killing bagley and three torpedo men . despite the enemy fire , which now seemed to be entirely concentrated on the two struggling ships , the line was thrown .
the unit had 1986 sales of about $ 362 million . the third main line of the wholesale distribution group , amfac health care , which distributes pharmaceuticals , `` has turned the corner toward profitability , '' the company said .
i gave my name as caneton . merlin came on the line , first as a distant voice saying apologetically `` ... m'excuse , inspecteur . ``
interactive has worked with paramount , lucasfilm and others , but so far has n't used the blocking system . `` the abuse has been in sex lines and gab lines , and we do n't have either .
although its amalgam of recipes , crafts , fashion , advice and homemaking tips will sound familiar -- `` free in this issue ! complete chicken cookbook and 8 recipe cards to save , '' reads a cover line from the prototype -- first promises a cleaner , more readable package with less ad clutter .
am i right or am i wrong ? `` he is every bit as high on his scheme to unify this bifurcated city with a line of gondolas suspended 320 feet above the mississippi river .
the boeing commercial spokesman said that the company now is concentrating on a two-aisle , 150-seat configuration for the 7j-7 . the proposed 100-seat 737 model , being a derivative of the current line of aircraft , could be ready to fly years earlier .
`` for the legal profession , the breakup of at & t has been like receiving an unsolicited annuity , '' says kenneth robinson , a commerce department telecommunications official . says david sather , counsel for u s west inc. , a regional phone company `` i do n't mind putting their ( lawyers ' ) kids through school , but i draw the line at their grandchildren . ''
although a management change at simac 's plant in gessate , italy , has meant interrupted shipments of its pastamatic to the u.s. , mr. carter is awaiting a `` new and improved '' version in time for this year 's christmas selling season . even so , his heart is really in a new line of toasters .
last summer , the taurus and sable models were included in a recall of 4.3 million ford vehicles to correct fuel-line defects linked to 230 engine fires . ford has conducted five other safety-related recalls affecting smaller numbers of the taurus and sable line , as well as four recalls to fix problems not related to safety , a company spokesman said .
then the women make their first major mistake . instead of leading their quarry line by line through the rows of questions on the registration form , they depart .
he got up and headed out through the swinging doors . his answering service was on the line , holding a call from bill sinclair .
< p > @ ibm introduced a line of midrange computers in a high-stakes effort to regain its dominance in that market .
he is `` very , very impressed , '' he says , by the performance to date of mr. sege 's heir apparent , norman h. pond , who was brought in as president last december and is credited with many of varian 's cost-cutting measures . while varian derives much more than half its sales from a diverse line of other electronic products , its fortunes tend to rise and fall on the health of its semiconductor-manufacturing equipment group , which moves in tandem with the volatile semiconductor industry .
`` but ours were up 50 % in december over last year , and we think after-christmas sales look strong too . `` helen of troy 's chief business stems from being north american licensee for the vidal sassoon trademark on its line of appliances and accessories .
although these people live in big sky country -- montana , where a town can have a name that rings with heroic confidence , great falls , sunburst , victory -- they never achieve the baptism and resurrection that nature has so often promised characters in american fiction . they may fish and hunt a little , but they 're likely to feel sick about it , or bungle the job , or snag a dead deer that drowned in the river before they ever cast a line .
under the pact , fujitsu estimates it will sell between 25,000 and 30,000 sun workstations , with about 90 % of the sales in japan . the pact also allows fujitsu , japan 's largest computer supplier , to enhance its existing lines of microcomputers , minicomputers , workstations and mainframes with products from sun 's sun-3 and sun-4 workstation families .
`` additional increases wo n't be necessary to bring long-distance rates down , '' he said . the subscriber-line charge , also called the access charge , makes subscribers pay part of the fixed costs of the lines to homes and small businesses rather than adding these costs to long-distance service .
when less established designers have succumbed to aids , their clothes have died with them . such budding talents as karl davis , who created a line of classic women 's clothing , and mark pennywell , known for his original wedding gowns , did n't employ a staff of assistant designers who might have continued producing their styles .
many hands grabbed the line from the panting cook . his palms were slashed and bleeding where the line had burned deep furrows in them .
these powers include the withholding of material formally requested by the congress . george washington was the first of a long line of presidents to insist on this prerogative of the office .
< p > @ whirlpool corp. said it will discontinue its whirlpool brand line of floor-care products by the second quarter of 1988 .
< p > @ greyhound corp. said it agreed to purchase the borateem , boraxo and 20 mule team household products lines and assets from the u.s. borax & chemical corp. unit of london-based rtz corp .
< p > @ people stood in long lines outside the few operating bakeries and food stores in the sudanese capital yesterday , after flooding left about 1.5 million homeless and at least 11 dead .
ibm is demanding retroactive payments from clone makers for patents it says were used in the ibm-compatible personal computers . the decision shocked clone makers and could delay some clones of ibm 's ps/2 line .
the reliance acquisition brought exxon a number of problems related to reliance 's federal pacific electric co. unit . problems with the design of a line of federal pacific circuit breakers led to a costly recall .
earlier this year he bought the u.s. business of germaine monteil cosmetiques corp. for about $ 10 million from beecham group plc , the london-based pharmaceutical concern . lines included diane von furstenberg fragrances and lancaster skincare products .
`` by using this approach , an investor can just about get his money back when the pool of equipment is sold , '' mr. smith says . in high technology , phoenix leasing inc. , a unit of phoenix american inc. , san rafael , calif. , says it cuts risk in its cash distribution fund ii by investing in 12 different lines of computers and peripheral equipment and leasing them mainly to fortune 1000 companies .
the rebound is most evident in xerox 's first-quarter earnings from continuing operations , which rose 32 % to $ 135 million , or $ 1.25 a share , compared with $ 102 million , or 93 cents a share , a year ago . pre-tax profit from xerox 's photocopier and computer-systems lines was double that of the year-earlier period .
if it 's all that important , i 'll come . `` they went to the shed where liscom kept his line and pulleys , and then , spaced about twenty yards apart so as not to attract attention , they made their way to jules lenihan 's house .
i stand on a projecting rock , waving my hat to gain his attention , for my voice is drowned by the roaring of the falls . just at this moment , i see him take his knife from its sheath , and step forward to cut the line .
a computer-marketing pact between international business machines corp. and britain 's ferranti international plc heralds a major ibm campaign to boost european sales of its new line of personal computers . under the agreement announced last week , the medium-sized british electronics company will relabel and sell ibm 's new ps/2 line of personal computers along with its computer products .
then some japanese chocolate technicians reverse-engineered the m & m . lotte k.k. , a leading confectionary company in japan , came out in april with a line of `` new-type chocolate '' that looks suspiciously like the mars product .
the $ 60 million sears just pocketed from the state of illinois in exchange for retaining its headquarters in the state may well represent a competitive brake on the avarice of the state government . but there is a fine line separating tax rate reductions from the public dole .
over the years many have even risked their lives to leave . i have never been able to find a line of people waiting to enter .
the set , designed by mr. hall 's longtime associate eugene lee , has the audience divided in half , facing a central playing area . off to one side -- representing the `` have-nots '' of louisiana -- is a broken-down shack with a woodpile and a wash line .
mr. sullivan did n't return calls seeking comment . ms. bruck apparently added a line stipulating that female drexel employees , as well as other women , were present , but she did n't retreat from her other statements on the subject of call girls .
using text-searching software , the product will allow analysts and m & a specialists at banks , brokerages , and companies to quickly find and analyze potential deals by comparing them with past deals . the product is the sixth in lotus 's line of one source cd-based information services .
houdaille made machine tools , largely ordered by manufacturers late in the year . but like many other big board-listed concerns , houdaille eventually diversified its lines .
separately , ford said its australian unit and nissan 's australian unit are discussing the possibility of jointly selling certain models in australia . the discussions are a response to the australian government 's plan to limit the number of car lines produced in that country .
that was much less than expected , analysts said , and reflected heavy discounting in response to competition . ibm said both orders and shipments increased during the quarter , and singled out its new line of personal computers as showing particular strength .
walter m. doyle , 50 years old , resigned as chairman , president and chief executive officer , and norman jennings , 40 , quit as a director and senior vice president of laser , and general manager of analect instrument division , the unit . donald sypek , 51 , resigned as a director and senior vice president of the parent , but will remain with laser precision as manager of its radiometric products line .
in troy , mich. , a k mart corp. spokesman said toys `` r '' us 's cuts may affect the no . 2 retailer . `` you 're certainly not going to sit there with higher-priced items , '' he said of k mart , a major competitor of toys `` r '' us in toy lines .
everyone jumped on larry speakes for his confession that he put words into the mouth of president reagan without even bothering to tell him . one can certainly jump on mr. speakes for his apparent unawareness of the enormity of his transgression , at least to judge by the throwaway lines in which he described the dirty deed .
it justified the requirement on its need for information to fulfill its legislative power to appropriate money . there is a line of supreme court cases , dating back to 1821 , upholding congress 's implied power to demand information .
mr. questrom 's resignation followed that announcement in may . founded in 1907 by henry c. marcus and family members , neiman marcus became known for its pricey merchandise , extravagant customers and line of waiting limousines that had ferried some patrons from the airport .
betty continued to accelerate on her runaway course . then , towed behind her at the end of the safety line , appeared a spacesuit .
the technology exists so that the dial-a-something services -- dial-a-porn , dial-a-preacher , dial-an-oddsmaker -- can be regulated by the phone company or by the phone owner . with some technology , a phone company could simply block a resident 's line at his request so that no one could make those dial-it numbers from his house .
the machines `` are crucial for prime . they had a need to expand their line , '' said richard mikita , an analyst with market researcher international data corp. , framingham , mass .
in 1987 , it expects to sell 750,000 vehicles here compared with 550,000 in japan . honda is forecasting that about 100,000 of those u.s. sales will be from its acura division , up from 52,869 in 1986 when it introduced the luxury line .
and even under the best of circumstances , u.s. officials say , it is unlikely that all nine american hostages will be liberated . the reagan administration is trying to walk a fine line between making concessions to terrorists and missing what some officials think is the most promising opportunity yet to secure the hostages ' freedom .
the king had no success and was just about to abandon his efforts when nell with a sprightly laugh urged him `` but see , sire , you have got a bite at last . `` sure enough , when the king pulled in his rod , he found half a dozen fried smelts at the end of the line , tied to his hook with a silken thread .
the maker of air-conditioning and heating equipment expects earnings for the second quarter -- historically , its best period of the year -- to exceed year-earlier net income of $ 5.3 million , or 61 cents a share , james t. dresher , vice chairman , said . some of the gains will come from sales of a new line of rooftop air conditioners suited for fast-food restaurants and strip shopping centers , mr. dresher said in an interview .
morton handel , the new chairman and chief executive , said earlier this month the company might sell some assets to raise cash . analysts have said that the sale of lines could help the company pay off some of its debt .
the alternative cards appeal largely to baby boomers ; the companies say many young adults enjoy sending humorous cards to friends for no particular occasion or holiday , but just to stay in touch . many of the alternative lines also are geared toward women , who buy 90 % of all cards . gibson , for example , offers a line called women 's writes .
mr. teets says that `` we 've been restructuring for four years and basically we 've just finished up '' with a way to shed the loss-producing verex mortgage insurance business . last fall , the former food-service executive bought the dobbs house airport restaurants and other food-services lines from carson pirie scott for $ 326 million , boosting debt to about 50 % of total capital .
to start with , microsoft is writing os/2 , which will enable high-performance computers built around intel corp. 's 80286 microprocessor , such as ibm 's pc-at and most of its new ps/2 series machines , to run several programs at once , and will make it possible for several connected machines to share the same programs and data . microsoft is also building , along with os/2 , what it calls `` presentation manager '' software to handle on-screen graphics in a consistent way for both personal computers and ibm 's full line of larger computers .
the canadian concern , as expected , also sought to block payment of so-called breakup fees to macy from federated . macy 's sec filing confirmed its previously reported plans to sell federated 's discount-stores lines and its ralphs ' supermarkets unit , as well as unspecified department stores .
< p > @ the factories of the future turning out a new line of midsized cars for general motors corp. this fall wo n't be so futuristic after all .
the agency is trying to determine whether a unit of giant group ltd. , a beverly hills , calif.-based cement concern controlled by mr. sugarman , and other entities with tre holdings failed to disclose that they were acting in concert , sources said . because of a production error some lines were dropped in an earlier edition .
the supreme court left intact a federal appeals court ruling that bankers trust co. may sell commercial paper for its clients . the high court 's refusal to hear an appeal by the securities industry association is a boost for the federal reserve board 's policy of allowing the legal line between commercial banking and securities to blur .
jackets may be sold next . meanwhile , nbc sports recently began `` scores plus , '' a year-round , 24-hour 900 line providing a complex array of scores , analysis and fan news .
as of march 31 , the most recent figure a spokesman said he could obtain , ralston 's debt totaled $ 1.49 billion . much of that debt results from the company 's $ 1.42 billion acquisition of union carbide corp. 's battery division , which makes the eveready line , in april 1986 .
the industry executives said the armonk , n.y. , computer giant will introduce three versions of what it will call the personal system/2 model 70 , a high-end machine that will use the intel corp. 80386 central processor . the versions resemble the model 80 , currently the high end of the ibm line , except that they will sit on the desktop rather than on the floor in what is known as a tower configuration .
but she thought , `` why waste it ? so i got rid of the line . ''
the quarterly earnings were better than the $ 1.15 a share that mr. berko had projected , and the analyst said he is now likely to increase his full-year earnings estimate of $ 3.20 a share . in addition to several positive devlopments at the company in recent weeks , including an agreement with singer michael jackson to design and market a line of fashion sneakers and other apparel , analysts have attributed at least a part of the recent stock increases to arbitragers covering their short positions .
when he reached the station the one-and-only taxi was off on a long trip . he tried to phone fenella but the line was out of order , so naturally he put a call through to us and olive took it .
fighting back , texaco managers have adopted a slogan `` we 've got the energy . `` it sounds more like a line , some say , that a tv network would use to tout its fall lineup .
the mule made no sound but plunged wildly in the harness . ostler leaned all his weight back on the lines . the wounded mule plunged again and again as the other mules responded to the lines .
`` i want to be in a situation where i can see some positive results very quickly . `` at digital , the 51-year-old mr. kramer is best known as the product manager who built the company 's line of pdp scientific computers into a $ 300 million business by 1978 .
< p > @ at age 43 , waiting in a long ladies ' room line during a break in a business meeting was a new experience ; i usually had the room to myself .
the gimmick ? he has no voice , so he wo n't have to speak any dumb lines .
terms of the agreement were n't disclosed . the licensees are modern shirt international and modern shirt industries ltd. and kangaroos u.s.a. inc. jeep officials said the shirt companies will produce and distribute a line of jeep sportswear to be retailed through department stores , while kangaroos will produce and distribute jeep athletic and casual shoes that will be sold through independent shoe stores .
whirlpool corp. said it will discontinue its whirlpool brand line of floor-care products by the second quarter of 1988. the benton harbor , mich.-based maker of major home appliances said although the floor-care business is still attractive , the `` premium niche '' that its brand line targets has become increasingly competitive and less profitable since its entry into the market in 1985 .
hallmark cards inc. , kansas city , mo. , said it has petitioned the supreme court of the u.s. to overturn an appellate court decision that has temporarily enjoined the firm from selling greeting cards that resemble those of a small colorado concern . hallmark had been sued by blue mountain arts inc. of boulder , colo. , for trademark violations , contending that hallmark 's personal touch line of cards was too similar to blue mountain arts ' products .
the new technology represents a considerable savings over conventional offshore production technology . the foundation of the project , a `` tension-leg well platform , '' will be a floating structure that is anchored to the seabed by steel mooring lines , a design that requires far less steel than conventional platforms do .
the sudden recognition worked magic ( though it came as something of a shock to the natives , `` who do these new yorkers think they are , coming out here and beating us at our own game ? `` ) , and the very first vintage sold out quickly . there was n't much of it , however , and the vineyard needed cash flow , so bruno came up with the idea of a line of inexpensive wines , proprietor 's reserve red and white , that were first offered at $ 2.99 a bottle .
it bought the chip at the heart of the machine from intel corp. and the program that guided the machine 's basic functions from then-fledgling microsoft corp. that made it easier for other companies to flank the ibm line with software and accessories .
wooden trains , priced at $ 15 to $ 100 , wooden construction sets , for $ 12 to $ 25 , and wooden doll houses , for $ 95 to $ 250 , all are hot items at john davy , a specialty toy store in alexandria , va. at competing granny 's place in alexandria , playmobile products , a line of plastic pre-school toys from west germany ranging in price from $ 2.60 to over $ 100 , `` are walking out the door , '' says owner rodger wall .
in the year-ago period , the company reported a net loss of $ 4.9 million on sales of $ 23.1 million . mr. schwartz said the company faced a `` cash crunch '' earlier in the year because of advertising costs associated with its frozen food line .
`` planter 's is giving us cashews for 'broadway bound , ' '' says mr. marasek . `` the cast goes through a pound a show , even though there 's only a line about one nut in the script .
the new cars are expected to be powered by an eight-cylinder v8 engine , a move that would make nissan the first japanese auto maker to introduce a car with that large an engine in the u.s. large engines can be very profitable for manufacturers because buyers are willing to pay more for the extra power . persons familiar with nissan 's plans said the company could require some of the dealers in the new network to have separate facilities for the new car line , if their current dealership premises ca n't be geared to an upscale market .
what 's more , cosmetics industry executives say ad spending for men 's colognes rose 36 % last year to $ 97 million and should grow further in 1988 . `` we see the competition continuing to intensify with more new products and extensions of existing fragrance lines later this year , '' says byron donics , president of the aramis division of estee lauder inc .
the jerky camera , the sliding in and out of focus , the jiggles and off-center shots that once were considered mistakes now are the basis for a style . and the scenes are n't shot and re-shot even flubbed lines are kept in .
`` there 's a way of hugging , and there 's a way of hugging . and that one was over the line .
just think of it . airlines hold you captive for hours -- in maddening ticket counter lines , in smoke-filled airports , and in planes that seem permanently parked on runways .
`` there 's none there . `` he hurried outside to see if there were any dry ones on the line .
to better tap this embryonic but traditionally hard-to-reach market , the nation 's no . 3 aluminum maker said it was reorganizing its european operations under a new unit . reynolds also said it was looking to beef up other consumer-products lines there , including aluminum foil and packaging .
toy companies dreamed up a dozen new toy-based cartoons last year . but this year , only one company -- hasbro , for its cops and crooks line of toys -- has a tie-in cartoon on the drawing boards .
the books with croaking frogs and other talking characters have also been delayed . mr. kingsborough still expects diversification to bear fruit , and some retailers report that a line of school accessories , called class act , did well late this summer .
varian associates inc. said it received a three-year contract for more than $ 30 million from toshiba corp. varian will supply x-ray tubes for the tokyo company 's line of computerized tomography scanners .
government and private analysts alike do n't think the iranians are likely to mount a frontal attack , because that would invite large-scale retaliation . `` they 'll have to draw a line between not wanting to spread the war and doing something , '' says ruhollah ramazani , an iranian-born scholar at the university of virginia .
at pittsburgh 's asp inc. , which introduced its first anti-virus software in 1985 , `` we shipped out 80 copies ( at $ 35 each ) last week , '' says founder fred cohen , who presented the first computer virus to the research community in 1983. after adding certus , a $ 189 anti-virus computer program , to its line of systems management software in early 1988 , foundation ware inc. , cleveland , has quadrupled sales every quarter , says founder peter tippett .
waldenbooks stores display longmeadow 's books lavishly and keep pageant books on their shelves more than twice as long as other paperbacks . `` we 've given pageant more space because we 're trying to prove some points , to show that you can create a publishing line by promoting it properly , '' mr. hoffman says .
will he be first ? will the line foul his propellers or break his rudder ?
-- - toyota is raising prices on its most popular car lines for 1990 by 2.5 % or less in an aggressive attempt to increase its u.s. market share . -- -
mr. marotta and ms. zain also have cloned the amyloid protein gene and have transplanted it into cells grown in a test tube . this line of cells is now producing excessive quantities of beta-amyloid protein , also known as a4 peptide .
in early 1987 , mr. steinhardt badly lagged the market . then , he bought the bulls ' line that overvalued stocks could go higher .
it 's not a pcjr by any means , '' said frank l. bryant , president of neeco inc. , a canton , mass. , computer chain . while ibm officials and analysts said the company has had some success with its model 30 machine in the education market -- until now the low end of ibm 's new ps/2 line -- the company faces stiff competition from both tandy and apple .
at dec. 31 fortune 's cash assets totaled $ 20.5 million and its shareholders equity was $ 51 million . sci , an electronics manufacturer , said the acquisition of fortune 's microcomputer business would strengthen its own lines of microcomputer products .
but tonka executives recently told industry analysts that it plans to introduce a toy next year that will feature holographic technology , which uses laser light to produce three-dimensional images . among hasbro 's current top sellers are its g.i . joe and transformers lines ; tonka has scored big sales recently with its pound puppies line .
sales rose to $ 2.8 billion from $ 2.5 billion last year . the figures for the 1986 quarter have been restated to exclude sales and expenses of discontinued lines .
the brokers ' combined average daily trading volume was $ 25.9 billion , a rise of 84 % since 1983. brokers had been seeking lines to the fed since the 1970s , according to joe roderick , vice president at noonan astley . the fed has n't discussed its deliberations about granting lines to investment banks .
elsewhere , earthiness is catching on . a brazilian beer commercial shows men standing at a line of urinals singing the beer 's theme song .
on feb. 9 , american standard rebuffed an unsolicited $ 65-a-share , or $ 2.03 billion , takeover offer from black & decker , a towson , md. , maker of power tools and household appliances . new york-based american standard has plumbing and air-conditioning businesses , which black & decker believes would be a good fit with its own consumer tool and appliance lines .
but a new breed of investor is going high tech . some carry beepers that alert them to sudden market changes ; others rent or buy portable computers that retrieve financial-news wires by telephone line .
the instant an aku hit a hook , he was jerked into the canoe and flipped off . at once , the line and hook were back in the water and the free hand of the fisherman stirring the surface again .
goodyear 's departure from thompson was expected ; the tire maker had said in june it would leave thompson if wpp 's bid succeeded . although goodyear will move most of its account to new york-based young & rubicam , a closely held ad agency , thompson will keep the company 's high-performance tire line .
parker g. montgomery , chairman and architect of a series of such spinoffs of coopervision companies over the past several years , said the proposed actions are designed to `` help maximize shareholder value . `` the company 's eye-care products line had sales of $ 162 million in fiscal 1986 .
but nestle is n't without its worries . some lines have been losing market share as competition mounts .
she fought like a professional , holding the rod inside the skylight , while george added his weight to her pull . freddy reached through the opening and grasped the line .
military patrols combed the streets of the capital , but there was no sign of disorder after a night of uncertainty tuesday that was punctuated by power cuts and occasional explosions . people waited patiently in long lines to cast their ballots .
a preface of a single page or less accompanies each play . there is a glossary , and for the `` sonnets '' an index of first lines .
results also were depressed somewhat by the timing of the completion last november of vf 's acquisition of blue bell holding co. , which had the effect of incorporating seasonally depressed december sales of some blue bell units . vf 's own jeans line , the lee brand , also experienced some sluggishness .
the new product lets information move along ibm 's network at 16 million bits per second , quadruple the previous rate , ibm said . also at the comdex show , commodore international ltd. is showing off two new computers in its amiga line , a less-visible but feisty rival to apple computer inc. 's macintosh in the market for easy-to-use machines with flashy graphics .
the issue of direct access raises significant policy and possibly legal questions does the fed have authority to deal with entities beyond its regulatory control ? and if the fed opens lines with some investment banks , must it then open its doors to all non-bank institutions ?
the plan , called linkup america , would pay for half the cost of telephone installation , or a maximum of $ 30 ; the remainder of the installation charges would be financed over time . in addition , low-income residents would n't be required to pay subscriber line charges .
moscow appears willing to permit non-communists to attempt to revive warsaw 's faltering economy so long as the soviet union 's security interests are protected . mr. walesa understands that there are lines drawn by the soviets that his movement ca n't cross .
daihatsu will originally limit sales to eight western states , and its product line will include only three separate models , which the company describes as in the high range of `` entry-level '' cars . but it said it will eventually expand throughout the country and may offer a full line .
the company was devastated in the early 1980s , when virtually all of its businesses were rocked by a deep recession . once an industrial scavenger that grew through acquisitions and turnarounds of mature , out-of-favor manufacturers , it began shedding virtually all its lines and taking huge write-offs in recent years .
in fact , she mocks herself for occasionally exploiting it . `` like i 'll walk into a deli and go right up to the head of a line as though i do n't know there 's a line there and say , 'i 'd like . . . ' or i 'll buy a ticket for a movie and go up to the security guard and say my dog really ca n't stand in that line , and he 'll say , 'well , come right in . ' ''
picture hundreds of traders sitting or standing at consoles , each with perhaps eight or more flashing computer screens . picture each trader with two telephone handsets , connected by direct line to maybe 500 customers and fellow traders .
howell book house inc. of new york has been successfully publishing books about dogs for 26 years . its mainstay is a line of 60 books , each devoted to a different breed .
in a number of them , says ms. bluhm , `` the writing is n't very good , the color is n't good , the pictures are low budget , they have a poor plot -- a formula kind of thing . `` still , parents buy some 30 million copies of the classic little golden line every year .
gm has designed the program to bring customers into chevrolet showrooms , as buyers must sit inside a vehicle with a paper `` key '' from the procter & gamble products to see if they 've won . also included in this joint promotion is a new line of chevrolet pickup trucks .
it was the agency 's first u.s. client . its cover girl line , which lintas suggested and helped develop , is now the largest-selling cosmetics line in the country .
if you should want to try one , i recommend the stolovia upstairs next to the central market . on a sunday at midday , it had no line and the staff seemed quite proud to be serving a sound meal to the city 's foremost food purveyors .
at the same time , it hopes to attract new buyers by introducing new computers that use industry standard microprocessors and the unix operating system . it is expected to introduce upgraded versions of its mv line next week .
< p > @ the federal trade commission asked the federal district court here to block mccormick & co. 's proposed $ 56 million acquisition of the spice island line of spices , herbs and vinegars from a subsidiary of united biscuits plc .
the proposed dividend may help save kohlberg kravis from possible investor criticism that it overpaid for beatrice . two years ago , some beatrice insiders boasted that by selling off the company 's assets , including its lines of wesson cooking oils and hunt tomato products , investors would earn a pre-tax profit that could exceed $ 3 billion .
much of the software that will take advantage of the micro channel wo n't be available at least until 1989 , and the only way to truly test a copy is to run the new software on it . that issue , which is crucial to the fate of the ibm line , may not be resolved for another year or more .
mr. weinstein got his start in the apparel business 15 years ago by opening a store called fresh pants , also in san francisco . he sold dyed t-shirts , sweat shirts and painters pants , but problems with quality eventually convinced him that he should design and manufacture his own line of clothing .
he 's more inclined to buy and sell companies than to run them for very long . although analysts do n't think he 's particularly interested in cigarette or liquor lines , he 's familiar with the distribution and marketing aspects of such retail businesses ; thus he might be adept at selling those off separately .
in any case , the benefits of the ibm and compaq computers carry a hefty price the machines cost several hundred dollars to $ 1,000 more than the tandy 1000 tx . `` the performance of all the machines is pretty much the same , and the average consumer does n't need the architecture of the new ibm line , '' says michele preston , an analyst at salomon brothers inc .
dow has indicated , however , that its appetite is n't yet filled . last week , it offered to acquire a.h. robins 's over-the-counter drug line from rorer group for $ 950 million if rorer should be the successful bidder for robins .
the team 's machine would extend cray 's parallel processor architecture , which involves using more than one processor to simultaneously perform calculations on different parts of a large problem . presumably the machine would debut in the early 1990s , after the cray-3 model from the company 's other design line .
glassmaster co. , lexington , s.c. , started trading with the symbol glma . the company makes glass-fiber pleasure boats , monofilament lines and antennas .
octel communications corp. , milpitas , calif. , said fiscal fourth-quarter earnings rose 57 % , and announced plans to sell 1.5 million common shares . octel , citing `` good results selling our voice-processing line to large corporate customers , '' said profit for the quarter , ended june 30 , was $ 3.3 million , or 21 cents a share , compared with $ 2.1 million , or 15 cents a share , a year earlier .
such a move would bring gm 's practices into line with the accounting rules ford and chrysler use . in addition , gm has invested heavily in new factory machinery and in developing its gm-10 series , a new line of mid-sized cars that begins with the 1988 buick regal .
church & dwight executives disagree with mr. trout 's assessment . in fact , the company plans more personal-care products that , like the dental-care line , will carry the arm & hammer name .
as manufacturers get bigger , they are likely to pour more money into the battle for shelf space , raising the ante for new players . but even the consolidated food giants would still lack the clout to completely derail retailers ' demands or to tip the balance of power back toward manufacturers . ( in the case of kraft , for example , the company pays slotting fees only on its frozen food line .
he says further that he has n't been paid for some of his work . the west palm beach and new york telephone lines of millionaire 's publisher , douglas lambert , have been disconnected . . . .
at various moments alla might recall edith piaf , tina turner or vicki carr singing `` it must be him '' while softly crying . alla belongs to an international tradition of emotionally naked chanteuses who walk the line between sophistication and schmaltz while acting each song as if it were a playlet .
< p > @ h.j . heinz co. , whose star-kist line is a major producer of tuna and pet foods , said it agreed to acquire closely held bumble bee seafoods inc. of san diego .
< p > @ if you want to wait in line to climb the statue of liberty or the washington monument , go ahead .
he predicted continued strong sales of such recent products as the cordless screwdriver , air station air pump , handy chopper food processor and spacemaker popcorn popper . as part of the new strategy , the company has been developing innovations in its line of power-tool accessories , including piranha saw blades and bullet pilot point drill bits .
`` telecommunications will be a red hot spot for new small-business ideas , '' believes james r. swartz , managing partner of accel partners , a venture capital firm . one accel investment , general communications corp. , has developed telephone-line switching and transmissions devices which offer multiple uses of a single home telephone line , including simultaneous transmission of voices and pictures .
and it seems to be succeeding . in miss kamali 's case , the disruption of her homework operation prompted her to suspend her wholesale operation and cancel her spring line of clothes .
`` i do n't look for any real dramatic change , '' said paul g. sherer , an analyst with robertson , colman & stephens , a san francisco investment concern . mr. sherer said that while equatorial 's marketing niche is potentially lucrative -- it is the sole supplier of low-speed satellite data communications systems for companies which now must depend upon dedicated telephone lines -- its satellite systems still are considered experimental technology by many corporate telecommunications managers .
general foods corp. is testing its culinova gourmet entrees and ronzoni refrigerated pasta and sauces . and kraft inc. recently began testing its chillery line of refrigerated salads as well as pizza kits and pasta-and-sauce dinners .
a wide stream up which launches and small ships moved back and forth ? where people on this hot saturday morning would be drifting idly in little boats , trailing lines in the water , fishing the sandy bottom ?
mr. dell also maintained that his models would outperform ibm 's . dell said it is negotiating with ibm to license any patents ibm has on the ps/2 line .
sales rose 8 % to $ 785.1 million from $ 725.6 million . avon said sales in the direct-selling division dropped 2 % as sales of new products , especially gift and jewelry lines , were below expectations .
< p > @ international business machines corp. labeled as premature a company executive 's statement that ibm is discussing cooperating with european rivals in its new ps/2 line of personal computers .
the quarter also included a $ 14 million write-down for costs associated with the company 's credit-insurance business . the company recently announced plans to discontinue that line .
several nations do n't count oil as produced until it is sold . thus , kuwait can insist that it is within its production quota even though lines of loaded tankers sailing through the persian gulf would suggest otherwise .
rep. frank annunzio , a rough-hewn chicago machine pol who is the third-ranking committee member , is in frail health and is n't likely to seek the chairmanship . others down the seniority line eyeing the post include del .
like many competitors , digital was caught off guard by the clamor for standard software . although its vax line has been enormously popular , fueling digital 's explosive growth since 1985 , more and more customers do n't want to get hooked on computers based on proprietary software .
at maryland 's coordinating center , about 60 % of the clients are single parents , often poor , young , inner-city women . prematurity and disease reach across class lines to the best and the worst of mothers , but a poor mother is at least twice as likely to have a baby born with low birthweight -- the babies at much higher risk of problems such as mental retardation , chronic lung ailments , blindness and deafness .
`` the market is still very short of stock , '' one dealer said . `` although private clients are sticking to the sidelines , most institutions are still on the lookout for a good , reasonably priced line of stock . ''
`` courtships in the night are also intriguing . the male web-weaver spider woos the female in her web with a series of tugs and tweaks on her lines .
any concentration of power is oppressive ; the concentration of economic power is frightening . let us hope that congress will have the guts or the wisdom to draw a line against the unbridled economic concentration that is implied in the treasury 's no-longer-secret plan .
the lawsuit says mr. campbell informed mr. meier of inquiries made by the sec and the compliance departments of merrill lynch and smith barney . lawyers who have followed such cases say there is a fine line between illegal insider trading and piggy-backing that does n't violate the law .
others undoubtedly will follow , but most analysts believe compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition . toshiba 's line of portables , for example , features the t-1000 , which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory , and the t-1600 , which also uses a 286 microprocessor , but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size .
compensation soared to otherworldly levels as young wizards jumped from firm to firm in pursuit of an ever-faster fortune . securities firms expanded headlong , throwing people and money at lines that showed even a glint of promise .
there is something to be said for experiencing shakespeare 's view of the kings who ruled england between the 1390s and 1485 as a unit , watching the same actor grow from the layabout prince hal into the heroic henry v , the same actress move from the blushing bride of henry vi to the embittered hag who curses richard iii . it 's interesting to hear the lines summarizing events of the past while they are still freshly imprinted on your mind by the play you saw just a few hours before .
ltv also took a $ 30 million special charge on its exit from the medium and heavy military truck business . ltv announced last month that its am general division would discontinue those lines so it could concentrate on its u.s. army contract for the hummer high mobility vehicle , which will be opened for a rebid next year .
according to those familiar with the 6386 machine , it will be able to run application programs that use the unix operating system , developed by at & t , concurrently with software running on ms-dos , the microsoft corp. operating system popularized by international business machines corp. the new system will also run software based on the new os/2 operating standard for ibm 's new line of personal computers .
< p > @ a. schulman inc. , an akron , ohio , supplier of plastic compounds and resins , said it agreed with mitsubishi kasei vinyl of tokyo to form a partnership , sunprene co. , which will make a new line of polyvinyl chloride thermoplastic compounds for the north american auto market .
we 're inclined to think that the vice president deserves some defending on this point . he alone seems willing to say that a line has to be drawn somewhere in front of the dead-end politics of the iran-contra affair .
pepsico wines & spirits international said it plans to introduce priviet , a premium vodka from russia , in the u.s. in october . priviet , whose ad pitch will be `` serious vodka you do n't have to take too seriously , '' will be priced around $ 10 a bottle , compared with the $ 13 generally charged for pepsico 's stolichnaya line of russian vodkas .
last july , scott chairman philip lipincott set a sales target of $ 1 billion for europe by 1990 , constituting about a fourth of total company sales . among scott 's european brands are andrex , the leading bathroom tissue in britain , and le trefle , a popular french line of sanitary paper goods . scott also markets cotonelle bathroom tissue in italy and the sancel line in spain .
hand over hand they pulled in the silk . then as the chute billowed over the small deck , dennis leaned overboard to gather in the last few feet of the lines .
and no . 2 , ( if they do ) it should be revealed that that is the arrangement , '' he says . `` that 's a fine line across which one should n't pass . ''
mr. antonini says the company suffered from a `` malaise '' because it had expanded so much that its `` growth opportunities might appear to be limited. '' mr . antonini , who revitalized the company 's apparel operations by introducing the jaclyn smith line in 1985 , is trying to change that , partly by enlarging k mart stores and playing catch-up in computerization .
kraft itself recently learned that lesson the hard way , after its 1984 acquisition of the celestial seasonings herbal-tea company . it aggressively extended the line , marketing 34 flavors from cranberry cove to grandma 's tummy mint .
telex computer products , tulsa , okla . for information circle 375 on reader card the model 185 terminal allows a user to process unjustified paper tape from a remote site using either dial-up or dedicated lines .
last week , the supreme court left intact a preliminary injunction that barred hallmark from selling 83 `` personal touch '' cards . as part of the settlement , hallmark said it will introduce a greeting card line with a new name that will replace the personal touch line and agrees not to infringe blue mountain 's trade dress .
domenic lacava , digital 's group vice president for low-end systems , said the microvax 3400 has 50 % more performance than an as/400 b40 `` for only 60 % of the cost . `` the new digital computers will replace the upper range of its microvax ii line , providing twice the performance for the same price , mr. lacava said .
i love this sign . i love it because it so blithely challenges one of the basic tenets i was raised by -- that it is rude to jump ahead of someone in line .
should the fda 's new rules on experimental drugs go into effect without being compromised , they will be a watershed event in american medical science . the u.s. , which possesses the intellectual and financial resources to produce some of the world 's most useful medical interventions , has for years labored under a system that made americans stand at the end of the line for these treatments .
`` there was some initial confusion when ibm announced the ps/2 , but now there is major interest in the ps/2 and the other new microcomputers . at the same time , the whole line of older products , the pc-at type products , is still strong . ''
while we believe that we should have only the government we need , our responsibility to the most vulnerable members of our society requires that we also have all the government we need . where the line gets drawn is always a matter of judgment .
there 's an element of sycophancy in mr. mackay , but he never seems gratingly obsequious . the interesting thing about his approach is that it forces him to tread a thousand fine lines .
sally , freddy , lynn , and george scrambled back across the branch , down to the earth , and out of the museum grounds as fast as they could . `` i hope the line disappears in the fight , `` freddy said as he replaced the ladder in the little equipment shed from which he had borrowed it .
the production rate could be cut back by nearly half , without jeopardizing commitments it has with certain manufacturing plants to buy approximately 2.3 million pairs of shoes a month from them , mr. jacobson said . `` nike has upscaled all of its line , '' said alice a. ruth , an industry analyst for montgomery securities , san francisco .
the japanese supply capital and technology and the americans supply management and marketing . four small , closely held firms , an american , a dutch , a german and a japanese -- each a leader in one narrow line of chemical solvents -- have merged their separate research labs with the lab of an american university with expertise in the solvents field .
and the neighbours seemed to be very nice . one had been hanging clothes on her line while they were in the backyard and they had got to talking , and she had invited them in for a cup of tea .
the u.s. groups feared a return to the violence of the early 1980s by death squads that have been linked to some arena party leaders . `` we believe the line has to be drawn very clearly on el salvador , '' says mr. byrne of cispes .
dawn upshaw did not become the hot new soprano overnight , just almost overnight . three years ago she was a graduate student making her metropolitan opera debut with `` three lines and a great costume '' as the countess ceprano in `` rigoletto . ''
in another , two clients had soaked their clothes on a previous great america water ride . `` the line they were in was in shade , so they stood off to the side in the sun to dry their clothes , '' says mr. ince . when they tried to reclaim their place in line , however , security guards nabbed them and , with little explanation , turned them over to city police who drove them in a paddy wagon for booking at the city jail , the suit alleges .
he was such a key figure at the bank , '' says david poutney , a bank analyst at barclays de zoete wedd , a securities unit of barclays bank plc . mr. seelig , referred to as `` roger the artful dodger '' by rivals during his 15 years at morgan grenfell , `` perfectly straddled the fine line between being fainthearted and cutting too many corners , '' says a corporate finance director at a rival merchant bank .
< p > @ toyota motor corp. said it will enter the increasingly crowded u.s. luxury-car market by selling a line of upscale cars through a new toyota dealer network called lexus .
neither company would confirm or deny mounting speculation that revlon , the closely held cosmetics giant , would pay $ 150 million or more in the transaction . it is understood that the purchase may include the charles of the ritz and alexandra de markoff brands , considered prestige cosmetics lines , as well as mass-market lines such as bain de soleil , jean nate , enjoli and the dynasty fragrances .
`` i do n't believe it , '' said judith penniman , the abc producer , `` we got a reader ! `` translation abc anchor peter jennings read the bentsen line himself , with no accompanying pictures from his troops in the field .
revlon , a unit of cosmetics concern revlon group inc. of new york , said the fragrance should be on the market by fall , but the company has n't decided on pricing or distribution . fragrances connected with lines of designer wear or clothing manufacturers have become popular recently .
behind the scenes , however , another battle was brewing within congress itself . the budget resolution contains a line that is likely to create a furor in the oil industry and between lawmakers from different regions of the country .
nevertheless , the company called the five businesses to be sold `` sound businesses '' that are experiencing an earnings improvement `` with the upturn in the electronics market . `` the announcement follows a major restructuring program trw began in late 1985 that involved selling businesses -- mainly aircraft parts and industrial products -- with annual sales of about $ 800 million , pruning back remaining lines to their most profitable products and a general cost-reduction effort .
the saratoga moved again , completing her swing , inch by inch , with port guns firing as they bore . when it was observed aboard the confiance that the american ship was swinging , a lieutenant had spring lines bent to his anchor cable in order to wind ship in similar fashion .
we hear it as a rumor , '' says the investor . `` where do you draw the line between a rumor and inside information ? ''
< p > @ to salomon brothers , which in october claimed another in a long line of firsts staked out by wall street firms last year .
< p > @ pacific telesis 's net benefited from gains in its cellular and paging business , increased local long-distance use , and new telephone lines . minutes of use for local long-distance calls jumped 8.9 % , profit in the cellular and paging business surged 73 % , and new telephone lines grew 4.2 % .
`` people will turn to the next question what kind of real momentum will be created by the combination of these businesses ? `` asks david maccallum , a new york pharmaceutical analyst for san francisco brokers hambrecht & quist inc. `` i do n't think there 's anything those two organizations will do that will create significant momentum for the top ( sales ) line . ''
kid stuff retailers expand to cash in on demographic trends . gymboree corp. , a $ 10 million-a-year business built on tot exercise classes , launches a chain of stores with its own line of clothes and toys ; 15 stores are to be open by year end . conran 's , new york , expands its children 's furniture lines , while carter hawley hale 's broadway chain upgrades its offerings to include baby dior , esprit and guess clothes .
mats wilander , the defending champion and no . 5 seed , was ambushed by 91st-ranked pete sampras in round two . then fourth-seeded john mcenroe , tennis 's perennial bad boy ( that 's english for enfant terrible ) , was mugged by 115th-ranked paul haarhuis , a player so obscure he rates nary a line in the game 's media guide .
and ms. gordon , the miami stockbroker , found a doctor who would prescribe anti-inflammatory drugs to keep down the pains in her ankles and knees so nothing would stop her exercise routine . some doctors and sports professionals maintain that the line between healthy and obsessive exercise is too fine to separate addicts from average exercisers .
`` fine , `` henderson said , aimiably . `` can you get him on the line ?
the amount was n't disclosed . augat disclosed it recently purchased the complete modular connector line of compagnie teletechnique moderne s.a. of paris .
`` it 's all right , `` he said . on parker street the buildings seemed to be dwellings , to judge from the lines of wash near them .
seagram said dividend income from its 22.9 % stake in du pont was $ 52 million for the quarter and $ 98.5 million for the six months . the company 's beverage line includes distilled spirits , wines , wine and spirits coolers and juices .
`` right up against the door on his face , just like the first ... `` brian 's hard young finger dialled rapidly and without error . somewhere distant at the other end of the line a furious but controlled voice addressed him .
mr. mulheren spent thursday night in jail . early friday afternoon , the arbitrager was led into a county courtroom , his left wrist shackled to a line of a dozen other prisoners .
in the past week , he also has fielded calls from reporters around the world . last friday , an associate of new york television personality geraldo rivera was on the line , asking mr. finckle to appear as his talk-show guest .
shipments of two of the three amiga models began only this year . mr. gould said sales also were strong for another line , its pc-compatible computers .
bayer also declines comment . ici , which has the stuart line , including mylanta , says it `` would n't foreclose on any interest in expanding its pharmaceutical group . ''
dan benton , an analyst at goldman , sachs & co. , said he expected to cut his estimates to $ 9 a share for the year , well below the ibm range . the wild card in all this is the disk-drive line , whose problems could be cleared up soon or could persist for months .
the cereal boxes , which include red and green crunch berries , show cap'n crunch dressed as santa claus . scott paper co. decided to roll out a line of red and green paper towels this year after the company 's researchers found that 80 % of consumers would be apt to buy such a product .
based on rochester 's closing price of $ 44.75 a share in composite trading yesterday on the new york stock exchange , the transaction has a total value of about $ 26.3 million . enterprise , which serves about 15,700 access lines in a territory between harrisburg , pa. , and philadelphia , will become rochester telephone 's third telephone operating company in pennsylvania .
the eldest boy had got over his seasickness , and he and the middle one sat in numbed silence in the stern . when they reached the dock , bubba made the lines fast and then helped the woman out of the boat .
should players and owners resolve their gripes in the next day or two , everybody will be having a good laugh about all this at next week 's tailgate parties in stadium parking lots across the country . ( the two sides met for 90 minutes yesterday and are scheduled to meet again today . ) but if the strike drags on anywhere near the 57 days of the 1982 strike , a lot of people along new york 's madison avenue and `` broadcast row , '' homes to the major advertisers and television networks , will be standing on line to renegotiate contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars .
earlier this month , bsn entered negotiations to acquire medalist industries inc. , a milwaukee-based maker of commercial and industrial products , for $ 25 a share . last year , bsn purchased medalist 's protective equipment division , adding it to its line of cheerleader supplies and its tennis lady inc. chain of athletic clothing stores .
it has been rightly observed that the main thing wrong with tainted money is , t'aint enough of it . a handful of the new crowd operators have crossed the line from the immoral to the illegal , and have ended up in the slammer or paying huge fines ivan boesky , dennis levine , martin siegel , victor and steven posner , and now michael milken and perhaps leona helmsley .
he proposed developing `` the idea of a 'reference zone ' that can be sustained for at least 18 months . `` others echoed this thought , though at least one wondered -- as i do -- whether there is any defensible line between the floating rates that have proved so unstable and fixed rates intended to take precedence over domestic economic policy .
from here on , either he would sit on his own front porch watching his cattle feed on his hillside , or he would return to san soucie and give himself up . was the line between heaven and hell really so thin ?
they must be ku klux klanners or something . but as mr. newman suggests , about all that distinguishes yonkers from other cities is its bad luck to be first in line .
< p > @ a computer-marketing pact between international business machines corp. and britain 's ferranti international plc heralds a major ibm campaign to boost european sales of its new line of personal computers .
for example , general electric co. recently agreed to jointly sell a factory-automation system ge developed at its schenectady , n.y. , turbine facility . while data general continues to make a broad line of computers and software , it is focusing on fewer markets .
and in the testing stage now are kool shots , a liquid-concentrate version , and kool-aid sports koolers , for young jocks . line extension , this is called .
`` the flood '' skillfully combines hypermodern graphics and computer projections , live actors and 3-d animation . yet all of the `` alive '' shows tread the fine line between experimentation and excess .
among other things , the companies had been slow in integrating the marketing of both firestone and bridgestone brand tires . for instance , bridgestone tires only recently were added to firestone 's line at firestone 's chain of mastercare automotive repair stores .
after a three-year string of successes in the european computer market , amstrad consumer electronics plc of britain has encountered its first major sales disappointment . a spokesman for the fast-growing company confirmed that sales of an important new computer line are running below original expectations .
she dialled the fire station . the line was still open there , but no one answered , not even the base radio officer .
in a year-old dispute just made public , marshall field 's has challenged the use of the mrs. fields cookies ' name . chicago-based marshall field 's said it learned last year that mrs. fields , a chain of stores known for its cookies , was interested in bringing out a line of clothing under the name mrs. fields .
greyhound , a diversified concern whose dial corp. unit markets brands such as dial and purex and makes both consumer and institutional soap products , said the acquisition now would cover borax products with annual sales totaling about $ 43 million . the additional products in the agreement consist of a line of hand soaps and soap dispensers sold under the boraxo and luron names for the medical market , and a hand cleaner line for the automotive market , greyhound said .
it and the macintosh ii are aimed primarily at the business market and are a bit pricey , but their ease of use has attracted some people buying for the home . because they have sold well , software companies have released more programs for the macintosh line , including some solid business software .
and effective last july , the state started putting all license-plate proceeds directly into its treasury -- instead of allowing the ruling party to skim them first . the 52-year-old mr. mutz , borrowing a line from ronald reagan , argues that republicans `` are the change . ''
the combatants glaze their kite lines with a mixture of paste and ground glass , then take their positions with highly maneuverable kites . lines cross , overlap .
< p > @ ford motor co. , dearborn , mich. , said it is investing $ 563 million in a new line of light trucks and the expansion of its louisville , ky. , truck assembly plant to accommodate production of the trucks . the auto maker said $ 260 million will be used for the expansion , and $ 303 million will be used for development , engineering and other costs related to the truck line .
mr. allen , who is black , is considered a conservative . designed as an independent , fact-finding agency , the commission has been sharply divided along ideological lines in recent years .
curmudgeons are horrified by warren burger 's plans for celebrating the bicentennial of the constitution . he wants 50 million copies of the holy document printed on cereal boxes and sold in supermarket checkout lines .
the 76-year-old physician 's latest study , published in the october 1986 issue of the american heart journal , found that heart-attack victims cut their risk for a second attack in half by completing training he has devised . the two-year program at the meyer friedman institute in san francisco includes patience-building drills such as driving in the slow lane of traffic or standing in long lines at banks .
looart owns current inc. , a major marketer of greeting cards and stationery based in colorado springs , colo. , that has annual sales of more than $ 125 million , primerica said . the sale is part of primerica 's plan , announced in august , to sell all its mail-order lines in order to reduce debt on its $ 750 million purchase of smith barney inc .
but in moving against such clones as epson , ibm may be applying more immediate pressure through its new , tighter approach to pc dealers . big blue is restricting the number of dealers -- now totaling 2,300 for the old line -- that will be authorized to sell the newest and highest-priced products by creating a special class of retailer .
he made him the gardener of the kingdom , to drive away the sparrows from the king 's head . 48 . old hiram 's goat was feeling fine , ate three red shirts right off the line .
in 1988 , 45 % of transamerica 's gross premium income came from its specialty insurance lines , with 20 % from personal and 35 % from commercial insurance business . mr. isom expects that specialty lines will provide as much as 55 % of premium income in future years , with smaller shares from the other two areas . in 1983 , none of the company 's premium income came from specialty lines .
when the time came to launch , we were able to paddle into a flat ocean between wave sets . then our little fleet reassembled offshore near a kelp bed , where we learned to hook the bow lines of our boats to the living kelp you take your anchors where you find them in this life .
antigone is played as a feminist , inveighing against `` the laws of the male sex . `` every line about creon 's cruelty is rendered in the language of the police state , every reference to antigone 's sex cloaked in feminist rhetoric .
the company sold 184,378 cars in the u.s. in the first eight months of this year . hyundai introduced its line , all versions of a subcompact called the excel , in the u.s. in february 1986 .
a chaos of cars and tents and trailers covers a field of trampled tall grass . in late afternoon , bathing suits flap on clotheslines , and a line has formed outside the showers .
in southern california , however , where developers have been especially active , legislators and community groups complain that the mini-malls have led to a host of problems that ca n't be ignored any longer . opponents complain that the mini-malls ' design -- typically a collection of a dozen or so stores grouped in a line or a u-shape or l-shape behind a parking lot that fronts the street -- makes them uninviting to pedestrians .
but , with the introduction of the four ncr models , none seem quite as extensive . `` this line is a bit fuller , '' said wendy abramowitz , an analyst with argus research corp. , in new york .
his fashion company , fiorucci s.p.a. , of which he is one-third owner , expects pre-tax profit this year of $ 3 million on sales of $ 80 million , up from profit of about $ 800,000 on sales of $ 60 million last year . mr. fiorucci 's reworked fashions -- the current men 's line , classic nouveau , invokes the 1940s -- and mass items like blue jeans are a big hit in france , west germany and south america .
amdahl corp. , backed by japan 's fujitsu ltd. , has a growing share of the market with its low-priced , ibm-compatible machines . and national advanced systems , a joint venture of japan 's hitachi ltd. and general motors corp. 's electronic data systems , is expected to unveil a line of powerful ibm-compatible mainframes later this year .
in meetings with faa and transportation department officials , they said that inspecting each electronic item would turn airport security checkpoints into giant bottlenecks . some passengers caught in long lines would miss their flights .
`` our computers have been down for 1 1/2 days . `` the facsimile machine , which can send and reproduce copies of a document over telephone lines , is suddenly ubiquitous .
that compares with $ 3.3 billion through direct marketing . to try to tap that market , fidelity last year rounded up a `` pilot group '' of 12 brokerage firms , financial planners and others to sell the plymouth line .
mr. trugman left to assume the top posts at del . general microwave 's instrumentation line is particularly attractive to del , a maker of high-voltage power-conversion devices .
fullwrite , designed for apple computer inc. 's macintosh machines , was introduced late in the first quarter . michele preston , an analyst with salomon brothers , called the latest period `` a pretty good quarter for the company , '' considering it has indicated it plans to begin shipping this summer dbase iv , a revamped version of the dbase line .
after 18 months of adding new regional markets , the company has nearly completed the introduction of its top-shelf microwavable entrees , designed to remain fresh on grocery-store shelves without freezing . its newer chicken by george line is just getting under way .
but then , he went home to massachusetts , devoting much of his time to routine state house duties instead of focusing on the campaign . mr. bush wasted no time in opening an attack on the governor for being just another in a long line of liberal democratic politicians out of touch with the american mainstream .
the postal service said it will modify its contract with electrocom automation inc. of arlington , texas , in order to acquire more sophisticated mail-sorting equipment . the new contract will mandate design changes so the equipment will be able to `` read '' several lines of a typed address on a business-size envelope . the original electrocom contract , valued at about $ 200 million , was for the delivery of 406 mailsorters capable of reading only one line .
one miscalculation or false move could have knocked the h-bomb off the ledge into deeper water , possibly spilling its deadly contents out and poisoning the mediterranean sea over a vast area for many years . by means of a special navy-developed underwater recovery apparatus , lifting lines were successfully attached to the h-bomb , bringing it undamaged to the surface .
forward supplies can largely be stored in these same areas , and land forces are best held in reserve on our own soil . drawing a line between military aid and military involvement may be harder , but it can be done if we keep the distinction clearly in mind .
mr. hirsh said he recently resigned from the partnership . in addition to owning the vanderbilt line , murjani last august signed a licensing agreement with chrysler corp. to market the jeep trademark on a broad range of consumer products , slated for delivery next spring . murjani also has majority ownership of tommy hilfiger , a struggling men 's sportswear brand , and coca cola clothes , a sportswear line that a murjani spokesman described as `` fizzled in the u.s. but still selling abroad . ''
my thoughts do n't fire at rocket speed . i stood there ; i counted the lines twice before the first pang of panic went through me .
yet another casualty may be overall spending in restaurants , already slowing from the 8 % annual gains posted in the mid-1980s . consultants say many people who have traded up from fast-food chains to sit-down eateries will be getting back in the hamburger line .
dial-a-porn has been a point of contention for several years . anti-pornography groups and parents have fought vigorously to keep sexually explicit messages off the telephone lines because children could easily call the services .
`` there is no doubt that there is some type of conduct involving the deliberate release of false information that may not just be libelous but may also be fraudulent , '' agrees mr. abrams , the libel attorney . but because so few suits are filed over competitive tactics -- and almost none ever decided in court -- the hazy line between what 's fair and what 's illegal can be hard to pin down .
some competitors , such as compaq computer corp. , have profited since the ps/2 introduction last april by selling to customers who did n't want to make the sometimes awkward transition to the new ibm hardware . ibm itself continues to sell in europe part of its old line of computers , and mr. lowe said sales of those products have remained stronger than he expected .
tele-communications , a cable television concern , acquired heritage communications in august and immediately sold the broadcast properties . heritage also said in october that it had retained first boston corp. to help shed the communications-products lines .
but the convention is n't seen boosting senate prospects ; republicans have no sure pickups to offset likely losses in virginia and nevada , and say they will do well to maintain the 54-46 democratic edge . candidates will adopt reagan 's `` we are the change '' line to address voters ' desire in the polls for a new direction .
gm 's new president is robert c. stempel , a 53-year-old with broad experience and a record of cost-cutting . stempel 's selection , ending a tense contest among top officers , comes as the auto maker struggles with a lackluster car line and bloated costs .
buick , oldsmobile , and pontiac announced discounts of up to $ 1,200 on options . those programs last through april 30 , and cover about 73 % of buick 's line , 84 % of oldsmobile 's , and 92 % of pontiac 's .
information systems posted a loss of $ 8 million , compared with a loss of $ 9 million a year earlier . customer-access lines increased at an annualized rate of about 4 % and minutes of long-distance use rose about 12 % .
`` on the whole , i would as soon not have done it . `` some draw the line at far more mundane requests .
station wagons wo n't disappear , however . chevrolet will continue to produce the midsize celebrity wagon after it rolls out the lumina line .
in addition , ibm introduced two mainframes that fill in holes in the sierra product line -- the 280e , which has two processors , and the 500e , which contains five . ibm also extended the range of its 4381 line of mid-range computers by announcing two high-end machines that run the new operating system software .
the saratoga came next , followed by the ticonderoga and the preble . mobility had been provided for by attaching spring lines to the anchor cables , one on each side the ships could be moved in position by hauling in on one line , while paying out on the other .
behind a glass window sits the moderator . he is about to get a report from washington when the telephone line dies .
`` people see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it . . . if it 's too transparent . . . then consumers will see through that , '' warns john philip jones , chairman of the advertising department at the newhouse school of public communications at syracuse university . `` it can backfire because companies can step across the line and go too far , be too pushy , '' agrees gary stibel , a principal with new england consulting group , westport , conn .
group executives are expected to identify competitors that simon & schuster can acquire to broaden its market share . since april , for example , the company bought two more document search firms , a line of training materials for computer software and a british professional publisher .
depending on wind direction , that can eliminate the use of one of three arrival runways . still , some industry executives and observers wonder whether any improvement in delays would even be noticed , what with the litany of complaints about lost luggage , long lines and crowded planes .
that rate was 98 % , compared with 39 % last year , the company said . the rail-intermodal line , which consists of piggyback trailers , domestic containers and chassis , represents about 60 % of the company 's business .
analysts said the two-year contract probably makes the swedish telecommunications group the leading supplier of telecommunications equipment to china . ericsson already has installed or taken orders for about 442,000 lines in china , and has a few smaller orders to supply switching equipment .
the friendly transaction saves lamaur from the hostile takeover campaign launched last month by alberto-culver co. at the same time , acquisition of the st. paul , minn. , hair-care products concern gives dow chemical a new consumer products line .
now what are you going to do ? `` i picked up the phone , asked for an outside line , dialed homicide , and got frank sellers . ``
lintas , which has had noxell as a client for 41 years , will continue to create ads for the hunt valley , md. , company 's cover girl makeup and noxema skin cream lines . those lines bill an estimated $ 60 million in advertising annually .
`` i 'll tell you what , `` she volunteered . `` we 'll put a test on your line , and i 'll let you know what happens . ``
armor all , an irvine , calif. , maker of automotive-care products , said it will finance the acquisition initially from a combination of cash reserves and short-term borrowings . borden 's car care division markets car wax products under the rain dance and rally brand names , and a line of engine additives and performance chemicals under the no . 7 label .
the hawthorne , calif. , toy maker 's sales for the quarter ended july 1 were $ 272.3 million , up 31 % from last year 's $ 207.1 million . john w. amerman , chairman and chief executive officer , said retail and consumer demand has remained `` very strong '' for its core brands as well as a line of licensed disney infant and preschool toys .
ccx , a maker of tool steel , glass fiber and wire screening , said the charge consists mainly of a $ 9,870,000 write-down of assets and closing expenses related to certain domestic and foreign specialty steel operations . the company also had another , smaller one-time charge and some profit from discontinued lines in the quarter .
`` honoraria can only be accepted under the fiction that it 's payment for services rendered , '' says stanley brand , former counsel to the house of representatives . when used as a lobbying tool , he says , `` a prosecutor may decide that it 's gone over the line from a payment to a gift or gratuity or bribe . ''
some people even blame irs inaction for encouraging the epidemic of build-nothing bonds . the more aggressive securities firms `` put a foot over the chalk line and looked around , and nobody said anything , '' says austin koenen , vice chairman of the public securities association , `` so everyone else moved over the line . ''
in the latest nine months , rockwell had net income of $ 626 million , or $ 2.34 a share , on sales of $ 8.79 billion . sales from the automotive lines of rockwell , based in el segundo , calif. , will jump to $ 2.1 billion from last year 's record $ 1.7 billion , he said , adding that the company views the growth of its auto business as `` substantial progress we are making in replacing b-1b sales and earnings . ''
`` consolidated expenses will be higher than anticipated as a result of certain nonrecurring expenses , including legal fees , '' the company said , adding also that revenue has been below its projections . in the past year , rochester telephone , which serves more than 570,000 lines , mainly in western-central new york , has acquired or announced agreements to acquire nine midwestern telephone companies -- five in illinois , three in wisconsin and one in indiana .
it closed friday at 4 , down 5/8 . the regina lesson may be that glowing stories about companies should be read more for the one or two lines of caution than for the positive comments .
`` am i the toughest guy you know ? `` the friend on the other end of the line can be heard saying , `` you 're tough all right .
`` through group conferencing , these people can interact with other members of the community. '' ms . superfon says a soothing megaquest operator on a fresno , calif. , gab line once talked a deranged vietnam veteran out of killing himself . actually , it 's hard to imagine the aged or the suicidal getting much comfort from many of megaquest 's gab lines .
it is the federal reserve bank of new york , agent for the u.s. government . and for a moment , mr. scala does n't see the line light up . `` when that line comes in , you 've got to pick it up quick , '' mr. remigio chides his partner .
in mr. welch 's view , consumer electronics ' main job is to give ge greater buying clout for its other business in the pacific rim by adding to the volume of components purchased there . despite the fact that mr. welch regards consumer electronics as something of an albatross , security analysts say that even if ge eventually exits tv-set manufacturing , it will continue to market consumer electronics because of the valuable ge brand recognition that benefits more profitable consumer lines , such as light bulbs and major appliances .
< p > @ digital equipment corp. and cray research inc. , two leading makers of computers for scientists and researchers , are developing methods of speeding communications between their computer lines .
others think the texaco boast is a rather bold claim for a company that 's running out of oil . in any case , mr. icahn has his own line for texaco `` catch a falling star . ''
< p > @ donald p. kelly and kohlberg kravis roberts & co. are in talks that could lead to another beatrice co. spinoff or to mr. kelly 's buying one or more of beatrice 's huge food lines .
they are here , '' mrs. guba answered . on the tape recording of mrs. guba 's call to the 911 emergency line , played at the trial , the baby sitter is heard begging for an ambulance .
< p > @ ibm will unveil its new line of personal computers thursday , ending months of speculation .
restaurants and supermarkets increasingly woo shoppers with a wide array of refrigerated and hot , prepared dishes . `` consumers realize that takeout is no longer so expensive relative to the premium frozen dinner market , '' says charles bowen , a group vice president at general foods corp. , which has decided against expanding its premium frozen line called fresh creations until it sees where the market is going .
< p > @ tandy unveiled four additions to its computer line , including a powerful model priced 20 % below similar machines by ibm and compaq .
even with all this going for it , however , `` reckless '' does n't measure up to mr. lucas 's previous play , the excellent `` blue window . `` the playwright still shows a deft hand with dialogue -- i especially like the way his off-speed lines make you laugh first and wonder why later . ( for example , when lloyd asks rachel if she sees her parents , she answers , `` not since they died . ''
nbc and disney would likely share profits from reruns , which may be syndicated by disney 's buena vista sibling , if their comedy series ultimately is sold to local stations . as the lines between cable tv and the rest of the business blur , cable is mimicking some of regular tv 's most timeworn techniques , such as the spinoff .
next week , however , a tiny silicon valley firm will introduce a new reader that appears to provide a price breakthrough in reading technology . closely held transimage corp. 's $ 2,600 hand-held reader can be swept along a line of text in a book or magazine and instantly turn it into computer code for editing , altering or inserting into letters or manuals .
`` we have made every effort possible to improve distribution . `` yet the matsushita-ge impasse indicates that some japanese manufacturers may now have decided to draw the line .
so , after rebels apparently had seized the building , several u.s. officials attempted in vain to contact them by phone to determine what had become of gen. noriega . some of their outgoing calls were interrupted by their own switchboard operators , who chastised the officials for using lines they had been ordered to keep free .
in the year-earlier period , hasbro earned $ 18.1 million , or 31 cents a share , on $ 368.4 million in revenue . the pawtucket , r.i. , manufacturer is counting on record breakers , a new line of high-performance model race cars now being rushed to market .
while competitors are impressed with the stylish new chevrolet corsica and beretta compacts , gm officials concede that half their sales could come at the expense of other gm compacts . meanwhile , gm wo n't launch its line of aerodynamic midsized cars until the fall .
a 60-day to 65-day supply is considered normal . the company has also suffered declining sales and high inventories in some of its truck lines , meaning the strike should n't have a significant financial effect unless it lasts a long time , analysts said .
my eyes were wide open in search of the unknown . as i moved my platoon of 20-odd teen-agers through the jungle , i chose to walk third in the line of march .
listen to the left itself cheer . in the new republic last month , barbara ehrenreich , co-chair of the democratic socialists of america , quoted approvingly a line that what the democrats need is `` a little class warfare . ''
to cut vodka consumption in the battle against alcoholism , a liter bottle -- a treasured solace for many russians -- was more than doubled in price to 15 rubles , or about one-tenth of the average worker 's monthly pay . production was curbed , and half the liquor stores were closed , increasing the average wait in line to three hours .
net income in the year-earlier period included a tax credit of $ 20.6 million . mattel has said that lower domestic demand for its masters of the universe line of toys was one factor troubling the company in 1986 .
david b. jones , chief executive officer of holiday 's homewood suites unit , said the company has signed contracts with franchisees this year to develop 55 extended-stay hotels , which are expected to start opening next summer . he predicted holiday 's line would grow more rapidly than marriott 's because holiday plans to rely on franchisees to develop 80 % of its extended-stay hotels .
ranchers play classical music to their cattle in the barns , while out in the fields , workers and their families live on diets of leftover silage . `` the line between moral and immoral has vanished , '' says fernando collor de mello , the governor . the drive to redraw that line started here several years ago , when a state assemblyman named antonio saturnino de mendonca neto raised charges that the government was full of money-grabbing loafers .
indeed , the latest quarter was the first in which the company posted a profit from its personal computer business . ncr recently expanded its personal computer line with three new computers and a workstation , including one based on intel corp. 's powerful 80386 microprocessor .
hitachi says it already loses money making appliances , and the whole industry `` is very exposed , '' says yutaka sugiyama , a nomura research analyst . battling the imports invasion , japanese companies are moving quickly into high-tech , high-value-added lines .
traditionally , ibm 's bread-and-butter has been in operating systems for midrange and mainframe computers , the internal software instructions that guide the machines . the new applications systems division will consolidate ibm 's world-wide software development activities , and help outside software makers write programs for ibm 's new line of personal computers , midrange systems and mainframe machines , said joseph m. guglielmi , president of the new division .
nato made a virtue out of a necessity . the sudden outbreak of the six-day war in the near east raised the stakes by reminding the world of the thin line between peace and war .
tyco , one of the few toy makers due to post a profit this year , will increase earnings to about $ 1.65 a share next year from $ 1.48 this year , mr. kully predicts . tyco traditionally has been strong in basic toys such as electric trains and has done particularly well with a line of radio-operated cars this year .
the company will add a new melting furnace , upgrade an existing furnace and install new glass-forming equipment . an additional 100 jobs are expected as a result of the improvements , which will allow the plant to add to its line of scientific glassware .
telemarketing makes rapid strides at u.s. corporations . lines between telemarketing and traditional marketing are fast blurring , says a conference board report .
the new system software will be able to handle far more complex programs and work much faster with huge data bases . it will finally take advantage of some advanced characteristics in ibm 's 3090 line of mainframes that were introduced three years ago .
in fact , despite the sharp price drop in hewlett-packard shares , on volume of about 2.3 million shares , most analysts said they do n't expect to adjust their projections for the company 's performance in future quarters . hewlett-packard , which late in the quarter introduced nine new models of its spectrum business computer line , said orders for those machines should pick up in coming quarters .
`` their claims are totally without merit , '' says stephen g. shank , tonka chief executive officer and president . `` it appears that hasbro is just concerned that we have a line into the market before them . ''
the other day , the press van became separated from its five companion vehicles as the motorcade pulled away from the blackhawk hotel here in davenport to start a long campaign day . a coca-cola truck crashed the line .
that line , the only difference between the new mailing and earlier ones , increased response by 15 % . from then on , the company put the line on all its offers .
in june , hornby disclosed it had a 5.1 % stake in manitowoc and said it may seek control of the company . manitowoc , a maker of cranes , power shovels , drag lines and other products , is based in manitowoc , wis .
it did n't break out product-line results , but a spokesman said its world-wide mainframe shipments rose from the year-earlier quarter and that the company saw `` continuing strength '' from mainframes . the biggest shot in the arm for ibm may have been the february announcement of an unglamorous but pivotally important product a new piece of software to control the basic workings of ibm 's three-year-old sierra line of mainframes .
such brands as citrus hill orange juice and pringles potato chips , for instance , have struggled . for ralston purina , combining nabisco 's cereal lines with its own lines could raise its market share almost to that of general foods inc. 's post brand , the nation 's no . 3 cereal maker . nabisco makes shredded wheat and cream of wheat , while ralston 's cereal line includes chex cereals .
but the company further boosted its shoe-line development staff by 50 % , and plans to upgrade its remaining 15 u.s. factories . mr. gleason said a number of wolverine lines , including hush puppies casual shoes , brooks athletic shoes and wolverine brand work shoes , began using new designs or entered new areas in the past year .
industrial chemical profit rose 6 % to $ 14.2 million from $ 13.3 million , while agricultural chemical profit more than doubled to $ 9.4 million from $ 4.5 million . plastics profit remained flat because of the sale of the kydex rigid-sheet plastics line last year .
the new management last month sold schering-plough its u.s. contact-lens care solutions business for $ 40 million . still on the block are cooper 's diagnostic business , its plastic and reconstructive surgical products operation , and its remaining optometric lines , which includes its contact lens business .
`` to go beyond is very hard ( but ) if we do n't do it now we 're lost . `` the response is most powerful among black voters , where apartheid touches an emotional chord reaching across class lines .
tokheim sank 3 1/8 to 27 after the company said earnings for its third quarter , ended aug. 31 , were probably below analysts ' projections of between $ 2.6 million and $ 3.3 million , or 40 cents to 50 cents a share . officials cited slower-than-expected acceptance of a new line of its fuel dispensers , noting that august sales and earnings were particularly below expectations .
so even though burger king can boast that its whopper hamburger beats mcdonald 's big mac in taste tests , it has been losing sales because it ca n't promise its customers an identical experience from one burger king to the next . while one restaurant may sparkle , another may have long lines , pot holes in the parking lot and filthy tables .
it is just one interpretation of many . `` he goes on `` if , in the lines from marvell 's 'the garden , ' the car manufacturers had determined that this line is imperfect in their own view of what was necessary , then they could argue that indeed they were merely perfecting the poem and that marvell would see that this was a better version for this particular purpose than the one he had in fact written .
sales increased to $ 159.6 million from $ 116.5 million . ronald j. brown , senior vice president , marketing and sales , said the results reflect strong demand for the latest microcomputers -- apple computer inc. 's apple se , international business machines corp. 's personal system 2 line and compaq computer corp. 's new 386 machine .
a substantial contribution to the increased production over the next two years is supposed to be made by the baltic states of latvia and estonia , which have long turned out better-quality goods than factories elsewhere in the soviet union . as they wait in lines at stores , many soviets grumble that the variety and quality of products on sale actually have worsened since the days of the now-discredited leader leonid brezhnev .
but wertheim 's mr. gelles is doubtful . `` generally , line extensions just prolong the agony by increasing the reliance on those products , which do n't grow as fast as their precursors , '' he says .
< p > @ data general corp. introduced a new computer system that reduces the base price for its line of 32-bit superminicomputers .
for one thing , the place is such a hit that ms. briggs 's husband , who used to hold the title of most frequent guest ( probably just checking to see what leftovers he 'd be eating that night ) , rarely gets to eat at his favorite restaurant anymore . `` he has to get in line like everyone else , '' said his wife , with a helpless shrug .
then amid profound silence he assured his audience , sedate and terrified , that while their personal safety was most dear to him he felt bound to confide that the plane 's computer system was down , he had no idea how much fuel was left in the plane , and he was planning an unscheduled landing in atlanta forthwith . such episodes are now the conversational loose change of airport bars and taxi lines .
sales for the period jumped to $ 164.6 million from $ 70.7 million a year ago . the company said its computer and video lines performed strongly , as expected , but that its results were hurt by its federated group operations , a string of consumer electronics stores it acquired last october .
`` how far can the administration reach when it observes conduct troublesome to everyone , but which did not interfere with the educational process ? where do you draw the line ? ''
they have high regard for some studies , while other research , even if it has enjoyed brief , intense popularity , gets debunked as unsupported or misleading ( including konrad lorenz 's `` critical period '' ) . for parents overwhelmed by the advice of so many researchers , their own pediatricians , and even the cashiers in checkout lines , this sifting of the evidence is useful .
coleco did n't say how much extended financing it had received . the toy company also said it has received offers for the sale of its outdoor products line , which includes children 's pools and tricycles .
the relationship between the two is dialectical ; it is impossible to determine in the abstract at what exact point a gang of common criminals becomes a revolutionary army . in practice , prime minister trudeau concluded that with the kidnaping of the british diplomat , james cross , and pierre laporte , the quebec liberation front ( flq ) had crossed the line .
the definition of alcoholism is vague , and the diagnosis is difficult . it 's not always easy to know where to draw the line between a strong dependency on alcohol and out-and-out alcoholism .
buick has offered option-package discounts on the third gm-10 model , the regal , for the past four months . the incentives to spur sales of those new midsized cars , considered crucial to gm 's turnaround in sales , come as the no . 1 auto maker is fine-tuning incentives across its model line to balance expected demand with production plans for the rest of the model year .
accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes , they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25 % to 30 % or so on sales of complete cycles . to get a piece of the business , nike inc. , beaverton , ore. , introduced a line of mountain-bike shoes .
but those dollars at risk pale in comparison to the investment required to make and ship spring goods to campeau stores . `` the few million dollars i could lose today is nothing against what i could lose on the spring line , '' says mr. levy , who estimates that campeau stores will sell $ 25 million worth of his clothes this year .
he was going to be put into confinement , perhaps for months ; he would be almost entirely deprived of direct contact with other human beings ; he would live in a sterilized , purified world . and then deliberately with further drug and radiation treatment he was going to be driven down to the fine line which separates life from death .
the vms 5.0 -- priced at up to $ 3,975 -- wo n't be found at record stores near you , however . the digital program is the new operating system that controls the basic functions of the popular vax line of computers .
thompson claimed it was all tax-free as damages for personal injury . now judge scott has drawn the line the back-pay award is taxable as wages `` owing '' to thompson that her employer `` withheld '' in a breach of contract .
the party-line effect could defeat that . officials of telaction say if lines get jammed there is a built-in queuing function to call a customer to the phone when it 's his or her turn to shop .
it 's actually a waste of time to debate the merits of each case , because under our current tort system , it really does n't matter who was wrong or responsible for the injury . in this society , if someone gets hurt , somebody , anybody must pay -- and a line of hungry trial lawyers will be waiting outside the hospital room to get a share of the action .
`` dan rather was out of control , '' said christine dolan , who directs cable news network 's political coverage . `` he had the right to press the vice president , but he crossed the line with his badgering . ''
kraft rejected philip morris 's $ 90-a-share offer and said it is developing a recapitalization plan worth at least $ 110 a share . the plan , which would force kraft to sell some lines and would boost its debt over tenfold , calls for the company to distribute about $ 98 a share , or nearly $ 12.5 billion , in cash and securities while letting holders keep their stock .
in an hour several dozen fish lay in the net on the bottom of the boat . `` that 's it , i think , `` the professor said , reeling in his line .
the committee also backed reynolds research that found `` a substantial reduction in the irritant properties '' of tobacco smoke in the air . but the rjr nabisco inc. unit continues to walk a narrow line between publishing its research and promoting its product as a safer cigarette .
sales of the company 's children 's athletic shoes also rose sharply , as did running-shoe sales , despite sluggishness in that industry . sales of reebok 's apparel line -- including tennis wear , aerobic and fitness clothing introduced in march -- added slightly more than $ 40 million to 1986 sales .
by comparison , it is usually pretty easy to track down white house and administration aides . top staffers have direct telephone lines to the white house installed in their homes .
as the long-distance market becomes more competitive , however , prices of services will conform more to the costs of providing those services . if holding a line open while waiting for a call to be answered imposes costs , eventually a price will be charged .
< p > @ the ghost town at knott 's berry farm theme park is usually a pretty cheery place , bustling with cowboys staging shootouts on the storefront boardwalks , folks buying souvenirs and snacks from calico-clad shopkeepers , and lines streaming onto the park 's log ride .
all of these productions were excellent -- funny , well-acted , with good stories . yet , line after line of the dialogue was loaded with gratuitous and explicit profanity .
that issue , like racial tensions in new york city , will have to cool down , not heat up , before it can simmer . but i am suggesting that they stop requiring mr. mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some line about `` caring for other people '' that would sound shmaltzy on the lips of miss america .
on march 4 , ibm responded to the disclosure of such discussions to the wall street journal by one of its executives by labeling his comments as `` premature '' in a statement . the oem moves signal a stepped-up drive by ibm to establish its year-old ps/2 line as the new standard in personal computing in europe . the current standard remains the one set by ibm 's older pc line , which rival manufacturers world-wide quickly `` cloned . ''
chrysler attributed the jump in operating earnings to cost-cutting moves and to higher profit margins from strong truck and minivan sales . `` we said we were going to put a heavier emphasis on trucks in this company , and move upscale to a richer product mix in our car lines , '' said lee a. iacocca , chairman and chief executive officer .
`` it was a questionable marriage from the start because kroehler did lower-end goods and lacked credibility in the upper end , '' says jerry epperson , an analyst with wheat first securities in richmond , va. and a line of chairs by the ubiquitous french fashion designer pierre cardin was , according to one big department store , `` plain horrible , a mistake that did n't sell at all . ''
the plant , which may be located in the sunbelt , is expected to produce several hundred million batteries a year beginning in 1989. kodak entered the battery market last year with two lines of batteries its alkaline supralife batteries made according to kodak specifications by matsushita in japan and its 9-volt lithium batteries made by kodak 's ultra technologies unit in newark , n.y .
in addition , debartolo has a seven-year option giving it rights of first refusal on the sale of jordan marsh-new england , the bon , and jordan marsh-florida . these lines , and the stern 's department store chain , would be the only remaining assets of allied , if ann taylor and brooks brothers were sold .
the focus of most of the attention today is in the market for machines based on the unix software operating system . mr. schulman called digital 's decstation line `` the absolute leader in price performance '' in that market .
chrysler , however , will have to `` struggle like hell '' to retain the 11 % car-market share it earned in 1988 , mr. greenwald acknowledged , largely because it will have limited availability of some important models as it shifts production sites and adds new products , including the spirit and acclaim midsize models that begin replacing aries and reliant k cars in january . lloyd e. reuss , executive vice president for gm 's north american automotive operations , predicts the no . 1 auto maker will pick up `` a point or two '' in car and truck market share in 1989 , partly because of gradually increasing sales for the company 's so-called gm-10 cars , a line of midsize , front-wheel-drive cars that initially sold below the company 's expectations .
some in the industry doubt whether mr. richman is up to the job . an attorney who joined kraft 's law department in 1954 after graduating from harvard law school , his background is n't in marketing , which is what 's needed to pump new life into tired lines .
the new products will present a painful choice for other computer makers , software companies and customers , who will have to decide whether to stick with the existing standard , which was itself developed by ibm , or to follow big blue into new territory . the new line will be ibm 's shot at reasserting its leadership in the personal computer market .
apollo computer inc. , chelmsford , mass. , said it signed a multimillion-dollar agreement with cetia s.a. , a subsidiary of thomson-csf of france , under which cetia will develop and market workstations based on apollo computers and software . the contract calls for apollo to deliver systems and servers from its domain series 3000 workstations and its dn500 line of graphics workstations over the next five years .
`` i will be out of work shortly ; that 's why i want to leave , '' says ruben arabean , a 30-year-old engineer , married with two children . as he waits in line for his immigration visa at the australian embassy , he explains `` i want to live in a country where things are planned out , where the budget is approved at the beginning of the year , not at the end . ''
its array of consumer products is compatible with e-ii 's lineup , which includes samsonite luggage and stiffel lamps . moreover , many american brands lines , such as master locks and case cutlery , fit his strategy of buying mundane businesses that are considered by analysts to be undervalued and undermanaged .
s & p said chrysler was `` receiving a business with questionable prospects . `` analysts said the most valuable part of the acquisition is amc 's jeep line , which served the army during world war ii and which the company acquired in 1970 .
when the service is over , the families sit down to a robust meal and a good long chat , for conversation remains an essential part of life in the absence of such pale substitutes as television . generally , however , work and religion are the twin themes because the amish draw no line between work and religion and life .
-- - sharp agreed to market in its stores in japan a line of appliances made by sweden 's electrolux .
the professor imagined that he was far above them , so that he could see men and their unknown ends as men can see longhorns and the ends they can not see . he saw the remuda and the cowboys ; then he saw a wagon jolting along and himself holding drooping lines , sitting looking at the back ends of four mules .
< p > @ ashton-tate corp. and digital equipment corp. will announce today plans to co-develop versions of ashton 's popular dbase personal computer database manager software for digital 's line of minicomputers .
terms were n't disclosed . motorola , a maker of semiconductors and electronic equipment , said the division , which has annual sales of about $ 35 million , will complement its existing line of radio frequency semiconductors , which are used in mobile communications , cable television distribution , avionics , and other consumer and industrial applications .
during his controller 's tenure , which ended in 1983 , he did several refresher stints behind restaurant counters . `` some people on the cooking line would tell me that my name sounds familiar ; then they would realize it 's on their paychecks , '' he says .
`` that is far below our traditional growth rate within our five-state territory , '' he said . that also sharply contrasts with gains of 176,000 new lines by pacific telesis group 's telephone company unit during the third quarter .
it is liquidating its cwt inc. transportation subsidiary and is selling its atlanta novelty inc. plush-toy unit and its cornucopia farms inc. fruit-farm business . gerber retained salomon brothers inc. to seek a buyer for the furniture group , which makes a broad line of juvenile furniture under the century , century originals and nod-a-way brand names .
`` the whole town has come to aid , but even that is insufficient , '' he says . a long line , mostly of women carrying small children , stretches outside the medical tent .
and ibm 's 9370 minicomputer line , its initial attempt to regain dominance , has failed to become the `` vax killer '' that ibm proclaimed at its introduction more than 1 1/2 years ago . because of the stakes , ibm 's introduction is the biggest the computer industry has seen in the 14 months since ibm brought out its ps/2 personal-computer line -- and some say it 's the biggest announcement since ibm introduced its original pc in 1981 .
the consumer products giant sought to become a much bigger force in the cookie business , developing a duncan hines soft cookie meant to challenge nabisco 's dominance in the market . nabisco responded ferociously , with its own `` almost home '' line , and duncan hines ' market share ended up being miniscule .
system software associates inc. said it completed its initial offering of 1,357,100 common shares at $ 13 each . the chicago-based company develops , markets and supports an integrated line of business application software for certain international business machines corp. computers .
it offers bits of technical information . it shows the writer teetering at the tip of the line of words .
for fiscal 1986 , litton had net income of $ 71.1 million , or $ 2.52 a share , on sales of $ 4.52 billion . litton did n't break out pre-tax profit by segment , although its industrial systems and services line , of which the resources group is part , had a loss of $ 30.5 million .
< p > @ six months after international business machines corp. introduced its new line of personal computers amid fireworks and a rush of favorable publicity , reality has set in .
those familiar with mr. rudolph 's work and the actors he frequently uses will be glad to know that keith carradine , still weary and handsome , shows up as hart . genevieve bujold does an amusing turn as an unscrupulous art dealer who says lines like `` you vex me '' as only she can .
veterans of new age publishing scoff at the ever-widening definition of the category . bantam books inc. , a unit of bertelsmann ag of west germany , started its bantam new age books line eight years ago .
in 1986 , the lines contributed 5.1 % to store sales . the company estimated that sales from added apparel lines will represent about two-thirds of the sales of discontinued hard goods .
the industry 's technological track record in other areas is spottier the know-how is there , but the willingness or ability to use it lags far behind . travelers today still wait in long lines at baggage check-in or at the departure gate -- procedures that can be automated .
there are more characters in the novel than in the film , and consequently more seductions and betrayals . i could criticize the film for cutting a couple of these characters , as well as for hammering the novel 's whirling , vertiginous shape into a straight chronological line .
victoria 's nails scored his back . igor retreated from the cave , paying out the line as he went .
these views have been translated into action . when mr. harkin was a member of the house , he was instrumental in persuading congress to purchase up-to-date equipment that allows hearing-impaired people to communicate by typing messages over the telephone lines .
it was being distributed by the conservative caucus , which for several years has been campaigning to force chevron to pull out of its partnership with sociedade nacional de combustiveis de angola ( sonangol ) , a state oil company under the control of angola 's marxist mpla government . the campaign has cut across ideological and political lines .
it was a mackerel , about 12 inches long . i threw my line out and landed a small sea bass .
friday 's close of $ 6.375 , down 12.5 cents , indicates the market currently values the company at about $ 164 million , representing a loss in market value of $ 254 million since june . the company 's losses are mainly the result of the costs of expansion , some poor performing merchandise lines and its entry in the southwest market , where retailers are suffering from the ripple effects of the energy slump .
in 1985 , the company shed a number of its non-food businesses . it spun off its toy businesses to create kenner parker toys inc. and its izod and ship 'n shore fashion lines and monet jewelry unit into crystal brands inc .
closely held slm is controlled by canadian interests . william fedyski , president , said the lines acquired from coleco would complement slm 's current line of plastic outdoor seasonal products .
< p > @ bayly corp. said it acquired a 55 % stake in chutes corp. , which designs and markets the `` code bleu '' line of denim sportswear .
as she moved gracefully about on the glazed and frozen lawn , i realized that she was wearing ice skates ! i watched as she swooped down upon her clothes basket , extracted a piece of clothing , took several happy turns about the yard , then glided back to her lines to hang a garment .
analysts have speculated that bell & howell might sell its mail-handling equipment business or its international operations after the merger is finalized . a spokesman for bell & howell , a publishing and information services company based in skokie , ill. , would n't say which lines might be sold .
broadway 's new hit , `` the phantom of the opera , '' takes place in the dim recesses of a 19th century paris opera house . the dark , ominous set deliberately blurs the line between audience and stage ; for instance , the proscenium has been moved forward to embrace several rows of balcony seats . but the line between inside and outside the theater has also been blurred .
new products announced yesterday -- a phone system called spirit and an updated merlin system -- are part of a plan to overhaul the unit , said john a . `` gus '' blanchard , group vice president in charge of the unit . the unit sells phones and phone switches to businesses with fewer than 80 lines and was one of several businesses at & t considered abandoning last fall .
some firms , like horchow mail order inc. in dallas and sharper image co. in san francisco , offer only limited guarantees on merchandise -- a bold departure from a tradition among catalog companies of luring customers away from retailers with lifetime warranties . some firms , like spiegel inc. of oak brook , ill. , and sears , roebuck & co. , chicago , discontinued lines with higher return rates .
< p > @ beatrice cos. plans an initial public offering for its remaining non-food businesses and some of its smaller specialty-food lines .
-- it never aired a television advertisement in new hampshire that might have inoculated mr. dole from an image as a big taxer in a state where opposition to taxes is almost a prerequisite for election . one reason the ad never appeared mr. dole flubbed a vital line in a taping session .
morino associates will pursue further growth through acquisitions and expansion of its international operations , the chairman said . for example , products purchased recently from other companies will be combined with morino associate 's in-house development to introduce a new line of software that applies traditional inventory-control concepts to data processing systems .
< p > @ slow sales are forcing chrysler corp. to cut output of its premier sedan , the flagship of its new eagle car line .
l.a. gear 's backlog at aug. 31 was $ 55 million , up from $ 9 million a year ago . mr. horowitz attributes the strong earnings growth to increased demand for the company 's shoes , including its recently introduced men 's line .
human muscle and skill had to take the place of a gun , and if the line were badly thrown , if it fell short and had to be recoiled and re-thrown , five minutes would be wasted , and , with many ships to fuel , a similar mistake at each would make a total of many minutes lost , and in so many minutes ... the warrant bosun did not know that nelson had once said that at sea five minutes can make the difference between victory and defeat , but he felt that truth in his bones after twenty years in the navy . the weight shot off into the darkness , trailing the line behind it , and the warrant bosun uttered a grunt of morose satisfaction at feeling the line catch and hold .
accordingly , unilever recently paid $ 3.1 billion for chesebrough-pond 's inc. -- the largest acquisition in its history -- in hopes that a home-grown american company would help restore its standing in the u.s. personal-products business . chesebrough-pond 's doubles the size of unilever 's u.s. personal-products line to $ 700 million in annual sales .
`` it 's a step in the right direction , '' an investment banker said of the move . a fed spokesman said friday that extending lines to investment banks is still under consideration . morgan stanley & co. , goldman , sachs & co. and salomon brothers inc. are among the investment banks that have become major foreign exchange market participants in recent years and seek lines to the fed . the fed would n't say which or how many brokers it established links with , but two new york brokers identified themselves as having opened lines to the fed noonan , astley & pearce inc. and tullett & tokyo forex inc. for the fed , lines to brokers provide instantaneous information on exchange-rate moves . for brokers , as for commercial banks , getting a line to the fed brings prestige and at least the appearance of having access to the internal workings of the often secretive central bank . if the fed eventually chooses to use brokers for its currency transactions , the lines also could deliver sizable chunks of profitable business .
at last there was a response , he listened for a moment and then passed the phone to tibbs . `` tom satriano is on the line , `` he advised .
martin l. quinn , the president of a small marketing firm in seal beach , calif. , says he is tired of brokers interrupting his dinner or leaving urgent messages on his answering machine . `` i know it 's a salesman when they ask , 'how are you ? ' '' says mr. quinn , who stays on the line only long enough to hear a brokerage firm 's name .
he even talks like the other policemen the anc , he says , is controlled by communists and manipulated by moscow , which wants to turn south africa into a marxist state . but peter and his fellow anc defectors can go beyond that standard rhetoric with a line that is much more valuable to the police `` if i would see my younger relative joining the anc , '' he says , `` i 'd tell him to go back home , that he should n't go through the same things i did . ''
but his most important move was to take ward away from its traditional approach of being , like sears , a private-label mass merchandiser . he transformed ward into a low-priced specialty chain focused around such lines as consumer electronics and home furnishings .
p & g sued the cookie makers for patent infringement and recently won a $ 125 million settlement from nabisco , keebler and frito-lay . but while copycat competitors certainly hurt , mr. tucker , the former p & g manager , also says the company was too slow developing a full line of cookies , with a variety of flavors .
fremont earlier took a $ 31.4 million charge against third-quarter earnings to cover potential losses from certain discontinued operations . moody 's said its review will focus on fremont 's off-balance-sheet exposure and the adequacy of its reserves for discontinued lines .
most dial-up services charge about 50 cents a minute , but dial-a-porn messages can run a few dollars for the first minute . independent of congress , several local phone companies already are introducing plans to block calls to porn and gab lines because of complaints by subscribers . bell atlantic corp. plans to block all porn and gab lines in pennsylvania and maryland . customers there that want to dial these services would have to write the phone companies to unblock the lines . pacific bell , a unit of pacific telesis group , lets consumers block calls for free to all 976 dial-up services , and soon plans to give consumers the option of just blocking calls to adult messages or gab lines .
some of mr. abboud 's advisers had already left for houston to begin poring over first city 's books , but the banking concern 's chairman and president , daniel c. arnold , was on the phone and was balking . on another line was first city 's investment banker , goldman sachs & co. on the third line , advisers to mr. abboud . and on the fourth line , officials from the fdic .
it was the first vaccine produced by gene-splicing to gain fda marketing clearance . biocine was formed to develop and put on the market a line of genetically engineered vaccines against a variety of infectious diseases including aids , oral , genital herpes , malaria and several strains of hepatitis .
your father was never fond of fishing , so he did n't stock the lake . when i was a youngster i was used to waste hours hopefully casting a line on to it , until my uncle gently broke it to me that there were no trout in it .
many of ibm 's 4381 customers , mid-sized businesses or departments within large companies , have reached the limit of the memory capacity of the current models , but are n't ready to buy a mainframe yet , he added . the 4381 announcements also put to rest speculation that ibm would `` quickly obsolete the 4381 line '' with the 9370 mid-size line that was unveiled last october , said david andrews , a consultant with adm inc. of cheshire , conn .
cheerful . here , i 've got her on the line for you now .
looking down , jeremy saw the water turning pink below his neck . as the throbbing pain in his temple increased , he knew it was too far to shore and too far to reach for a handhold on one of the boats ' anchor lines .
there was thus a limit to wilson 's patience . he publicly set it at the line where admitted neutral rights were infringed after protracted warning , and he made it a point of national self-respect and honor to defend those rights .
board of education , was such an issue . in our time abortion has become another , best left to a line of supreme court decisions rather than to the chaos of 50 state legislatures .
able-bodied mules are herded in groups into a chute , where veterinarians give them a once-over and check off their numbers , which are stuck to their foreheads like chiquita stickers . some of the mules jostle in line , some try to bolt for freedom , but most quickly catch the old `` hurry up and wait '' draftee spirit , gazing about with big brown eyes and then readily boarding a stock trailer .
the candy brands , which include junior mints , charleston chew , sugar daddy and others , will become part of warner-lambert 's american chicle group subsidiary . they broaden the company 's confectionery lines , giving warner-lambert its first chocolate candy .
in national over-the-counter trading , applied biosystems rose 75 cents to $ 25.25 . applied biosystems , which pioneered the making of so-called `` picks and axes for the biotechnology gold rush , '' produces a line of more than two dozen automated machines plus chemical reagents for the analysis and synthesis of genes and proteins by commercial and academic laboratories .
pc magazine is one of about a half-dozen computer publications that offer such electronic companions , and more are on the way . these services are blurring the lines between print and electronic publishing .
in a speech in new york , compaq president rod canion said `` compaq intends to continue . . . providing industry standard '' personal computers . earlier this month ibm introduced a new line of personal computers that deviate in certain ways from the standard it set with its ibm pc in 1981 -- the standard on which compaq based the $ 1.8 billion in computers it has sold since its start-up in 1983 .
the jury , in federal court in illinois , awarded the damages to georgia roulo , a former licensor of the toy , trinket and greeting card firm . ms. roulo sued russ berrie in 1982 , contending that the company 's line of `` touching you '' greeting cards infringed on the `` feeling sensitive '' cards she designed for russ berrie to sell from 1978 through 1980 .
while temporary plant closings have become common during this year of sluggish car sales , this shutdown is the first for the lorain , ohio , plant in several years . it 's also the latest setback for the car line that started off 1989 winning motor trend magazine 's `` car of the year '' award .
`` pete , just tell me what it means . `` `` jesus , this is an open line . `` `` i know it 's an open line .
that market is in disorder as the computer industry undergoes a long-predicted consolidation . this year several big companies gave up on being independent suppliers of a broad line of computer systems control data corp. is now concentrating on certain niches ; sperry corp. joined with burroughs corp. to form unisys corp. , and honeywell inc. has decided to merge its computer operations with those of two big overseas computer makers .
honeywell bull inc. introduced three models of its dps 7000 family of medium-scale computers , along with software for them . the minneapolis-based company said the models 72 , 82 and 92 extend the dps 7000 line of mainframes introduced last april .
between 40 % and 50 % of data translation 's products are used in international business machines corp. personal computers , or ibm compatible machines . mr. molinari said the company is designing products for the ibm ps/2 line of personal computers , as well as for apple computer co. 's new macintosh ii .
family dissolution , moreover , is often the consequence rather than the cause of the economic reshuffling we are seeing in america . while it is true that complex cultural changes have created a steady rise in divorce and illegitimacy during most of the 20th century ( the u.s. has had the highest divorce rate in the world since 1899 ) , people with the lowest educational attainment and greatest vulnerability to poverty have historically had the highest rates of divorce , illegitimacy and child neglect . ( sexual abuse is much more evenly distributed across class lines . ) these are the people who have been the big losers since the late 1960s .
pennwalt 's pharmaceutical unit makes such over-the-counter brands as desenex athlete 's foot medication and allerest allergy medicine . its prescription drugs include microx , a rapidly growing anti-hypertensive , and a line of cough remedies .
`` if you can buy and sell with a personal computer , you ca n't be put on hold , '' says william coppel , a quick & reilly marketing executive . but michael gianturco , author of `` the stock market investor 's computer guide , '' notes that computers use telephone lines to communicate with the brokers ' electronic systems . and when the telephone lines are jammed , he says , a computerized trader wo n't be able to get through any better than anyone else trying desperately to call a broker , he says .
technology stocks were mixed . international business machines fell 2 5/8 to 121 7/8 although the computer maker said the operating system for its new line of personal computers would be released ahead of schedule .
missing perhaps 300 or more of their local pilot fish to follow them and magnify their trading power , the wall street houses will eventually be ground down by even moderate portfolio insurance selling , serfling realizes . `` he still has the german client on the line .
the soviets ' couture has gotten quite haute of late , their fashion spokesmen insist . designers there have n't any intention of flooding the u.s. with siberia-made , scratchy woolen socks or a line of apres-bowling wear .
`` there was a short pause before oliver naquin said with quiet elation , `` hello , wilkie . `` but just as wilkin started to respond , the sculpin rose high on an ocean swell and the line went dead .
a week later , clabir 's general defense unit said it would buy all of hi-shear 's 5.9 million shares for $ 23.50 each . at that time , clabir and general defense chairman henry d. clarke said hi-shear 's new defense products fit well with general defense 's line of anti-tank weapons .
but those shortages should ease as the year progresses . in addition , ibm , which has been heavily discounting parts of its latest pc line , has indicated it will put very low prices on some products it will bring out this year . ibm said last week , for instance , that by roughly year end , it will have a product at the price of its entry-level model 25 but that contains the central processor used in its models 50 and 60 , which are the middle of its line and cost far more than the model 25 .
however , par disclosed in a filing with the securities and exchange commission that the fda 's inspection of the company , including quad , continues . in its filing , par said sales and gross margins of quad 's injectable line `` may also be adversely affected , although to a lesser extent . ''
the lobby is elaborately decorated , but noisy . large groups of guests wait in line for elevators and check-out service .
one day i got a long-distance call from an affiliated station in washington . the man on the other end of the line let 's call him barry stump was the moderator of a popular panel show .
joseph kozloff , an analyst with drexel burnham lambert , lowered his estimate to $ 8.30 a share from $ 8.50 , but left 1991 at $ 9.75 . along with noxema and cover girl , noxell gives p & g the line of clarion cosmetics , lestoil cleaner and wick fowler two alarm chili , a seasoning for chili .
even people who did not accept that logic would have regarded it as involving an unnecessary and undesirable deflection of tax and expenditure programs from their long-run course . there was a policy consensus in favor of option b in a mild recession and option c in a severe one , with the main argument about how to draw the line between mild and severe .
so avon increased the number of gift items priced under $ 15 and created `` more contemporary '' jewelry . last month it revamped its lipstick and nail-polish line .
designer sandra garratt filed for chapter 7 bankruptcy code protection , saying that her cash flow had been cut off . the designer , whose line of modular , one-size-fits-all clothing has spawned a host of clones , has been in a dispute with her latest licensee , jerell inc. for several months .
some contributors , however , are eager to associate themselves with the patriotic and educational aspects of their participation . says mr. armour of american express , echoing the lines of other sponsors `` we love to be patriotic .
he noted that it offers smithkline an opportunity to increase its share of the injectable antibiotics market and to increase tagamet 's use among hospital patients . ronald nordmann of painewebber inc. said the arrangement will allow smithkline to boost sales of some of its antibiotics that are n't selling well by `` tying them into a program that promotes a specific ( product ) line . ''
mr. richman said glenview , ill.-based kraft expects profit increases for the year , but did n't specify how much . earnings also are expected to benefit from a lower tax rate , a productivity-improvement campaign that could reduce expenses $ 25 million and the divestiture of kraft 's duracell battery unit , celestial seasonings tea line , citrus business and avoset , a contract packer , the company said .
but while alysheba 's win made him big stuff with the turf cognoscenti , it was , as usual , only a rumor to a large part of the throng of 130,000 that annually turns the old twin-spired track into the nation 's biggest picnic grounds . behind me in the serpentine taxi line outside the track after the races was a sunburned young couple lugging a huge cooler .
< p > @ terry pillow , 35 years old , was named president of chaps by ralph lauren , one of this apparel company 's lines .
the group said sales of software for personal computers made by international business machines corp. and compatible makers , rose 44 % to $ 1.39 billion , accounting for 76 % of the market . sales of software for apple computer inc. 's macintosh line rose 130 % to $ 192.3 million or 10.6 % of the industry .
mr. bush does sometimes address substantive issues , as he does today in a well-received speech to san francisco 's conservative commonwealth club attacking mr. dukakis ' record in managing the massachusetts economy . but the speech , one of the most effective of mr. bush 's campaign , illustrates its careful style the vice president reads it from a teleprompter , sticking carefully to his prepared text and thus not risking any distracting ad libs like his pearl harbor day gaffe of last week , or fumbling any of the lines designed for television consumption .
and without a budget deal , business leaders , economists and even some of mr. bush 's own economic advisers agree with mr. greenspan that financial instability could quickly follow . wall street and foreign markets discounted the vice president 's tough anti-tax rhetoric during the campaign , assuming he would drop his `` read my lips ; no new taxes '' line after the election .
mr. lippincott explains , `` it is n't easy to walk out with one of those rolls under your arm . `` in the past two years , scott has extended the jumbo concept to include a line of paper towels and soap dispensers .
sources close to both companies say that ibm has agreed to license some software technology from next , including the so-called graphical user interface that controls the on-screen appearance of the next computer and makes it easier to use than some others . the sources said ibm would like to use the software on its rt family of technical workstations , a line that has been a sluggish seller so far in a market that itself is the fastest growing segment of the computer industry .
in a follow-up show , he points to two addicts and says if they tried to rob his house , `` i 'd blow their heads off . `` both lines get wild applause from the audience .
the federal communications commission , which recently eased up on raunchy radio and tv shows , yesterday started cracking down on raunchy telephone services . the agency launched investigations into whether two california companies violated the communications act by providing lewd telephone messages without screening the calls to see if children were on the line .
industry executives had expected the top job to go to william c. lowe , the president of ibm 's pc division . industry executives and securities analysts have said mr. lowe , who was largely responsible for ibm 's entry into the pc business seven years ago , gambled and lost by prematurely killing off ibm 's at line and trying to get customers to switch to the ps/2 line of personal computers .
analysts said digital will have a problem trying to sell both the workstations based on the mips microprocessor and its older workstations , which are far less powerful . `` when they introduce a line , it will wipe out their vaxstation family , '' said ms. brown .
at one point last week , the jurors sent word to judge cook that they were deadlocked on the loan issue , but judge cook sent back a note telling them to `` continue to deliberate , '' mr. bryce said . he said the instruction that most confused the jurors as they continued to deliberate was one line on a special verdict form that read , `` without such unanimous agreement , you must find the defendant not guilty of count one '' -- a racketeering charge .
oleg cassini was awarded $ 16 million by a federal court jury in a legal squabble over a contract with perfume maker jovan inc. the 75-year-old fashion designer claimed that jovan breached a 1978 contract for a fragrance line marketed under the designer 's name .
since one reason for creating a diffusely held corporation in the first place is to separate governance from investment , this measure would raise transaction costs somewhat . but the line must be drawn somewhere regarding shareholders ' participation in company decisions .
the company said it was the largest first-customer shipment of a multiuser system in its history . as previously reported , the new as/400 line is part of the computer giant 's bid to regain dominance in the midrange computer market .
in fact , some of the tires that rank low in the center 's study are specially designed for better handling and are used primarily in motor-racing sports . for instance , at the bottom of the center 's list were goodrich 's t/a r and r1 line made by uniroyal goodrich tire co. , akron , and yokohama tire co. 's a001r/a008r .
toyota motor corp. said it will enter the increasingly crowded u.s. luxury-car market by selling a line of upscale cars through a new toyota dealer network called lexus . the auto maker , which said it will introduce the cars in late 1989 as 1990 models , becomes the third japanese auto maker to opt for a so-called `` second channel '' of dealers to highlight a new line of cars .
merrill lynch advanced 7/8 to 36 5/8 . the brokerage firm was recommended by smith barney , harris upham & co. , which cited its better-than-expected revenue in its mergers and acquisitions line in the second quarter .
ms. preston said she expects the tandy model will use a chip set from intel corp. , santa clara , calif. , that mimics the basic operations of the ibm computer . however , a former tandy employee , who asked not to be identified , said the key chip set would be made by chips & technologies inc. , a milpitas , calif. , company that makes chips used by a variety of clone makers to copy ibm 's first generation personal computer line .
< p > @ las vegas , nev. -- unisys corp. introduced a line of personal computers that brings it up to date with competitors and gives it a basis for expansion in this field .
justin has been profitable since 1986 , adds the official , who shares his office with numerous teddy bears , all samples from his line of plush toys . like many others , mr. kaye took notice in 1987 when sony , in a classic example of market segmentation , changed the plastic skin and buttons on the famous walkman line of portable audio equipment and created the my first sony line for children . the brightly colored new products looked more like toys than the adult models . ( in court papers , sony says it has spent more than $ 3 million to promote the line , with resulting sales of over a million units . )
< p > @ compaq computer 's chairman , benjamin rosen , recalls an analyst 's blunt report the day after international business machines introduced a spiffy new line of computers in april .
the company 's most infamous recall also was fire related the 1978 recall of 1.7 million ford pintos and mercury bobcats was to repair a defect that caused fires when gas tanks ruptured in rear-end collisions . the fuel-line recall affects some of ford 's biggest-selling lines the ford taurus and mercury sable midsized cars , the compact ford escort , the ford f-series and ranger pickup trucks , and the lincoln continental and town car .
the plaintiff , united missouri bank of kansas city , alleges that kemper mismanaged $ 8 million in pension funds right before the market debacle in october . in general , some holders of stock funds complained after the crash that they could n't get through clogged telephone lines or that fund companies failed to honor their redemption requests in a timely fashion .
in april , sun chopped the price on its low-end workstation 37 % to less than $ 5,000 , a move that has since been matched by its main competitors , apollo computer inc. and digital equipment . the company also recently announced a line of communications products that can connect a full array of personal computers , workstations , minicomputers , mainframes and supercomputers .
a source close to burlington said that half of burlington 's divisions have been breaking even or posting losses and would be ripe candidates for divestiture , while `` the other half were cash cows . `` about 55 % of burlington 's fiscal 1986 sales of $ 2.78 billion were in apparel fabrics , some lines of which have been hit hard by import competition .
the company said it expects to bring to market in 1988 new products which it predicted will `` have a significant impact on the computer industry . `` a spokesman said the company is planning another generation of its dbase line , additional products for the macintosh , and more software aimed at letting dbase users on a personal computer access information stored on larger systems .
its all part of a system of controlled access to desirable commodities and desirable freedom of movement and action that pervades almost all areas of life here in which people are acting on their own , not as part of a collective . lines turn individuals into an ad hoc collective .
sales of video games , preschool toys , board games and basic toys have been brisk through most of the year , and many of these are expected to continue selling well . some analysts , moreover , say shares of a few companies offering basic lines , such as hasbro and tyco toys , may actually be buys for 1988 .
for a printing-equipment maker , netaac came up with a two-pronged solution . it is helping the company to simplify its products to reduce production and servicing costs , and to come up with a low-priced line to export to industrializing countries , mr. mclaughlin says .
a ford spokesman said it is n't clear whether the addition of the cargo truck will require an expansion of the kentucky truck plant . ford officials said production of the cargo line is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 1990 .
early next year , work is to begin on a three-year project to add 33 more gates . but the next major expansion , which is to overhaul the departure hall and replace the two oldest lines of gates , is n't scheduled to occur until 1998 .
no one , however , is predicting a resurgence in generic foods -- the plain-labeled , cut-rate products that took over aisles of space in some supermarkets during the inflation-ridden 1970s . while such lines will continue to be offered in relatively small sections of most stores , consultants expect that consumers will instead be looking to an increased number of low-priced name brands and house brands -- products that are cheaper than heavily advertised top brands but seem to offer comparable quality .
his face gave nothing away as he went to the telephone ; but certainly he went with alacrity . `` i know you told me to get in touch with the police , `` said the creamy voice of alix over the line , without preamble , `` but i needed to confirm something with you first .
now , encouraged by some recent growth , the toiletries companies are polishing their marketing strategies , and the business is beginning to show signs of life . even gillette co. , which has traditionally concentrated on mainstream products , says it 's planning a `` more upscale '' line of men 's toiletries , probably for sale through its traditional outlets , such as drugstores .
a similar story is being played out in san francisco . four years ago , david weinstein , now 39 , launched a line of simple , loose-fitting , casual cotton clothing called cp shades . the line is now in 30 department stores across the country , and wholesale revenue was $ 40 million in 1986 .
but federal officials charge that some of the companies are going too far . `` when you 're misleading the public , there 's a line . most of these groups go way over the line , '' says philip gambino , a spokesman for the social security administration .
underneath the slick production , the smoky grays and blues , lurks some rather unstylish racism . as cop stories go , this one ( written by craig bolotin and warren lewis ) dredges up many cliches of the genre and invents many new ones , mostly vulgar lines spit out by michael douglas with a reasonable amount of fervor .
any hungry shark following will come after the fish , not the diver . the length of the line protects a diver by giving him time to see an approaching shark and swim away .
`` the complexity and uncertainty of a possible takeover '' of rorer `` have to hurt its chances , '' said h. arvid johnson , robins 's senior vice president and general counsel . moreover , robins has reacted negatively to rorer 's recent proposal to finance a more generous bid by selling off some of robins 's prized consumer drug lines , such as robitussin cough syrup , chap stick lip balm and dimetapp cold remedies .
but between the two of us we somehow got it launched , then loaded it with blankets , clean diapers and the last of the milk . i sat down in the bow holding the baby , while sidney untied the line and pushed us out into the current with a paddle .
`` there is no lack of adventure or innovation in general foods , '' he says , noting that it has introduced 75 new products as a philip morris unit . in particular , he cites culinova , a new line of refrigerated entrees , and ready-to-eat jell-o pudding dessert .
western digital said samples of the chips used in its micro channel copy will be available in january , and commercial quantities of the chips will be available a few months later . initially , the company said , the chips will duplicate the functions of the micro channel just in the models 50 and 60 , the medium-range models in the new ibm line .
other segments have matured or are saturated . marriott 's entry into the economy line has its risks .
once this happens , everything from a phone call to a breakfast meeting in the corporate dining room amounts to corporate activity on behalf of a candidate -- something forbidden by the campaign laws . it 's too soon to say with certainty where the line is or how much one has to do to cross it .
`` shortage '' and `` crisis '' became buzz words , although neither really applied . the spot dislocations that showed up were largely the result of confusion ( much of it in washington ) , though that was cold comfort for drivers waiting in mile-long lines at the gas pumps .
american express officials say the company received a standing ovation at the rally when one of their marketers told the crowd , `` we 're mile-high on the broncos . `` adds the company 's mr. freeman , `` how could you pass up a marketing line like that ? ''
< p > @ barry k. davis , the founder of traders & investors alert , a telephone stock-tip line , is expected to disassociate himself from the service within a few weeks .
the company announced that r.k. patel , one of par 's founders , took a voluntary leave of absence as senior vice president and director , and that jeffrey m. levine , executive vice president , and barry s. geller , vice president , regulatory affairs , took voluntary leaves of absence from the board . par , which had fiscal 1988 sales of $ 99.6 million from a line of several hundred products , said it did n't believe there were any adverse health or safety implications involved .
divided up among various members of the cast in what seems a deliberately random fashion , it is used to suggest meanings without ever stating them . much of it is spoken by a pair of narrators ( sheryl sutton and phillippe chemin ) , who , from a place at the side of the stage , intone their lines in voices that , at once expressionless and intimate , have less to do with explanation than with ritual .
`` we 've all done business with them -- sold them cars or houses , '' says a cali banker and polo club member who sometimes has difficulty reaching his office floor because the narcos , who also have offices in his building , have bribed the elevator operators with soccer tickets to stop only at their floors . `` it 's very difficult to draw the line . ''
mr. marasek has been known to sew a loaf of bread together to prevent the cast from tripping over a fallen slice . eating itself poses a risk to actors , who may swallow more than their lines .
toto , however , is going to give it a try . the company does n't have much to show for its 20-year presence in the u.s. , so it thinks a product that sets its line off from the run-of-the-mill porcelain fixture might be the key to success .
this clearly is n't the thinking of those seen at fashionable spots like spago , the los angeles restaurant , where guests are definitely paler . at the stock exchange , a popular nightclub , doorman ken martin says watching the line of people waiting to get in used to be `` like looking into the sun . ''
it uses electrical pulses applied through electrode pads applied to a patient 's back and chest , zmi added . zmi said the decision will result in cardiac 's being enjoined from making and selling its line of pace aid pacemakers .
in shanghai , china 's biggest metropolis , consumers are withdrawing huge sums from savings deposits to purchase goods in anticipation of price increases . long lines are forming at many savings banks , according to china daily , which estimates that $ 27 million has been withdrawn in the past two weeks .
`` cleat up , `` the captain ordered . a deckman fastened the tow line to a cleat in the middle of the boat .
ibm underscored the significance by bringing together 170,000 people yesterday to hear the news at more than 200 locations around the world . the new ibm line ( code-named silverlake in recent months but now called the application system/400 ) merges the ibm system 36 and system 38 machines . doing so removes the incompatibilities between two of the three major minicomputer lines that ibm sells and gives ibm some relief from digital 's relentless focus on its own freedom from compatibility problems .
about three years ago , he nearly gave up because he had nothing to sell . now his shelves are full , and towels and clothes hang from a line overhead .
the sipc is an industry-backed organization that provides reimbursements to individual customers of failed member firms . meanwhile , some firms were n't answering their trading lines yesterday , possibly to avoid sales that would drive prices of their proprietary little issues down even furtheir , traders said .
once or twice i thought the first drops had begun to fall . i rushed downstairs to bring the washing in from the line .
those are dictated by the company 's buyers , who also adjust their plans as the season progresses . the day after thanksgiving , for instance , the buyers ordered an emergency markdown of 40 % on a line of women 's sportswear .
but then again that may be difficult . it used to take a minute on television and one or two lines in the newspapers to give a weather report .
in a telegram to 5,500 banks that issue visa cards , charles t. russell , visa usa president , warned , `` this move is an attempt by american express to further its presence in the retail banking market by acquiring additional relationship ( s ) with your better customers . `` he suggested that bankers call james d. robinson iii , chairman of american express , to `` voice your displeasure over his decision to enter one of your most profitable lines of service . ''
the rebound came in the wake of the national highway traffic safety administration 's announcement in mid-july that it had found no mechanical defect in audi 5000 models that could have caused the cars to suddenly accelerate out of control . publicity about sudden acceleration in that now-discontinued model line had stained audi 's image and helped to depress sales for nearly three years .
ply-gem industries inc. said it agreed to acquire closely held great lakes window corp. , toledo , ohio , for $ 18 million . the purchase , which will add to ply-gem 's line of specialty home-improvement products , is expected to close before year 's end .
collect calls two-thirds of the major companies surveyed by recruiter korn/ferry international say they pay outside directors an average of $ 712 for each telephone conference in which they participate . and the vast majority get the full fee no matter how long they 're on the line .
the u.s. estimates that the four airbus countries have poured $ 10 billion into the consortium since it was started 17 years ago . washington says they are planning to spend an additional $ 3.2 billion on two new aircraft lines airbus plans to produce .
while it is n't out yet , microsoft says it will run on computers currently available , like those made by compaq and others , as well as on the new ibm models that deviate in some ways from the standard design that compaq uses . compaq apparently thinks some computer buyers believe os/2 can only be used on the new ibm line .
tipped off that mr. willaby is `` noodling '' -- catching fish illegally by snagging them in the gills or flesh -- two wildlife officials follow the 250-pound fisherman out to cedar creek lake here . they watch him dive under water with a fishing pole and a very short line and catch two flathead catfish , one 25 pounds and the other 30 pounds .
besides that , fashions in marriage change as in other things . that line in the wedding ceremony about `` until death do us part '' seems nowadays a tie less binding than in former times .
compaq computer corp. officials said the company plans to unveil today a group of machines it hopes will give a big boost to the most advanced generation of personal computers by bringing their price down . as expected , the three models in the computer company 's new 386s line use a microchip that intel corp. introduced just last week .
that averages to about $ 750 a vehicle , chrysler officials say . while gm 's price increases may not look as steep as its two domestic rivals , that 's largely because ford and chrysler are making air bags standard equipment on more of their car lines .
after all , if ann richards and co. had been old-fashioned enough to say , `` as linda ellerbee tells us '' or even `` as i heard in a lecture somewhere , '' why then the new york times columnist and a great many other citizens probably would n't have gone around talking about the formidable wit and wisdom of ann richards . in the days following the speech there was a certain amount of to-do about another line -- the famous silver-foot-in-the-mouth comment , which a washington writer claimed came from his book .
after his success in advertising , mr. ezoe looked to diversify . when recruit began renting communications lines to tie its nationwide computers together , it discovered it could sell time on those lines .
separately , grace purchased for cash the graphic-arts division of uniroyal plastics co. , a subsidiary of jesup group inc. grace 's new units make printer 's gum and photopolymer printing plates , which are used in making plates for flexographic printing of several packaging materials . grace said the acquisition expands the company 's line of consumable supplies for the graphic arts industry .
the first step , after catching one , is to quickly turn the octopus inside out so that his sharp beaklike mouth has no chance to bite . most divers in island waters carry a long line on which to string their catch .
aimed at commercial photographers , the film can be used in very low light without sacrificing quality , says donald franz of photofinishing newsletter . also trying to snare a portion of the $ 2 billion-a-year industry is agfa corp. , a unit of bayer ag . agfa recently signed olympic gold medalist florence griffith-joyner to endorse a new line of black-and-white paper that 's geared to consumers and will compete directly with kodak 's papers .
kellogg is so anxious to turn around corn flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say . `` cheerios and honey nut cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , '' says merrill lynch food analyst william maguire .
< p > @ international business machines corp. said it is offering a holiday promotion involving personal computers at the low end and in the middle of its ps/2 line .
some analysts suggest that puma might have been putting too much emphasis on mr. becker ; his court performances were showing signs of being the prime mover in puma stock trading last year . still , puma is gearing up its becker campaign this year by installing `` boris becker shops '' in 1,000 u.s. retail sports stores , featuring the complete line of puma 's tennis and casual wear .
`` most users are starting to recognize that despite the hype , the . . . ( new ibm line ) offers no significant performance advantages over competitors ( and ) costs a lot more than most of them , '' william f. zachmann , an analyst at international data corp. , wrote recently in infoworld , a trade publication . k mart corp. , for instance , investigated the new ibm products but decided to buy clones of the ibm at -- the high end of the prior ibm line -- as part of a program that may involve 13,000 personal computers .
< p > @ spy , the bratty monthly magazine that tweaks new york 's rich and powerful , will launch a new line of books with dolphin/doubleday this fall .
tropicana products inc. fired another volley in the orange juice wars , accusing coca-cola co. 's foods division of false and deceptive advertising in a lawsuit filed in u.s. district court in new york . at issue is a line used in advertising for coca-cola 's new minute maid premium choice orange juice that describes the pasteurized product as `` orange juice straight from the orange . `` bradenton , fla.-based tropicana , a unit of seagram co. , claims the line violates an earlier appeals court ruling in favor of atlanta-based coca-cola against tropicana .
marketers ' new interest in children reaches far beyond toy counters , however . sony corp. last year introduced its my first sony line of audio products for children four and up .
operators sometimes take half an hour to answer the phone . lines mysteriously go dead , and repairmen wo n't fix them unless paid tips .
sales for the quarter exceeded $ 200 million , he said . the earnings and sales figures , both better than analysts expected , indicate that compaq 's sales during the quarter were n't hurt significantly by the prospect of a new line of computers that international business machines corp. was expected to introduce at the end of the period .
the use of 900 toll numbers has been expanding rapidly in recent years . for a while , high-cost pornography lines and services that tempt children to dial ( and redial ) movie or music information earned the service a somewhat sleazy image , but new legal restrictions are aimed at trimming excesses .
`` no matter how you look at it , chrysler 's getting a lot of value for what it is paying , '' said scott merlis , an analyst with morgan stanley & co. `` chrysler brings a lot of value to amc , amc brings a lot of value to chrysler . `` specifically , chrysler is expected to benefit greatly from amc 's popular jeep line -- its only consistently profitable product -- and amc 's state-of-the-art assembly facility in bramlea , ontario .
in addition to stroking customers , digital is expected to introduce several new , low-end products that are three times more powerful than their predecessors but wo n't cost digital any more to build . and it will reinforce its message that its line of vax computers all run the same software and can easily communicate as a result .
some smoking foes claim it 's seeking `` endorsements . `` in any event , reynolds may be walking a fine line between getting out the facts and getting ensnared in regulatory problems .
`` this money has never been carried out of the company in cash , but it must have been transformed at one point into cash , '' he said . `` so from frankfurt there is possibly a line of bank accounts that will shed more light on this . ''
ford may have a better idea , but general motors is no dummy . take the situation at detroit metropolitan airport , where long ticket-counter lines have been the norm since northwest airline 's takeover of republic .
the brute fought for a moment until the water foamed about its tail . the line snapped , and the shark disappeared into the depths .
`` if kodak can pick up the ibm segment and convert it to kodak , it will be a real boom to kodak , '' said alex b. henderson , an analyst with prudential-bache securities inc. allen j. krowe , ibm executive vice president , said the company determined that kodak , with its broader line of copiers , could better support the substantial marketing and selling costs .
more recently , several other leading tire producers also have narrowed their activities . as a result of a takeover effort by sir james goldsmith , the anglo-french financier , industry leader goodyear tire & rubber co. is selling aerospace , wheel manufacturing , real estate and energy lines .
containing kodacolor `` gold , '' the boxes prominently display that word in gold-colored foil against a black background and a gold band running across the center of the box . the new print film and name will be marketed world-wide and will replace kodak 's highly successful line of vr-g films .
grow group , which makes household products and specialty chemical coatings and paints , also said it expects to report a loss from continuing operations for the third quarter ended march 31 of about $ 1 million . in the year-earlier period , earnings from continuing lines were $ 773,000 .
since last friday , outboard 's stock has risen more than three points . genmar 's boat lines include hatteras yachts , wellcraft power boats and larson and lund fishing boats .
the rhetoricians in the socialist camp have gotten so full of themselves lately that some had come to doubt this point . in a much-quoted line she said it would be folly to try to fit the european countries `` into some sort of identikit personality . ''
when hallmark 's former agency , young & rubicam inc. , began using emotional advertising for its client american telephone & telegraph co. , hallmark saw that as a conflict of interest and dropped the agency . included in the review will be hallmark 's lower-priced ambassador line of cards , which ogilvy , an ogilvy group inc. unit , has advertised since 1981 .
other analysts believe that bull sees the partnership as a way to broaden its international market , while nec views it as a way to expand technology exports . nec produces many parts in honeywell 's current computer line .
what 's more , investors for the bass group , who raised their macmillan stake to 9 % earlier this year , appear to show particular interest in publishing . but some of bell & howell 's lines could be a difficult fit if the publishing companies were combined .
for manufacturers , the biggest challenge is coping with the short shelf life of refrigerated products . `` no national food processor yet has introduced a successful line of new refrigerated entrees and a lot of money has been spent , '' says john luther , a marketing corporation of america official . last month , in fact , campbell soup withdrew its fresh chef line of refrigerated soups , sauces and salads from national distribution .
because of a paper shortage , izvestia is usually just six pages and several of those are for official communiques . mostly , though , it is a question of deciding where to draw the line .
`` doc ... calling doc ... are you there on the fourth ? ... calling doc ... `` no answer . i touched the wind-up button , the spool turned , and the fourth line came reeling in .
but ibm posted an earnings gain of 39 % ; the rise was just 8 % after adjusting the year-earlier results for a restructuring charge and a gain on a sale . ibm had its first significant revenue gain in the u.s. in years , and got a strong performance from its as/400 minicomputer line -- which was n't yet introduced a year earlier .
general time produces watches and clocks sold under the westclox , big ben and baby ben and seth thomas names . talley has been restructuring its operations to emphasize businesses , including its automotive air bag line , that have higher growth rates .
he was wet and hungry and weary but the fleet oiler was moving up alongside the carrier , and the warrant bosun had to leave off swearing . those messenger lines had to be passed , and he could save five minutes if he made quite sure that they went over at the first attempt .
there was no wind , the tide was high , and the schooner floated . casting off the shore lines , i kedged her out by main strength , the windlass being broken , till she rode nearly up and down to the small anchor too small to hold her in any breeze .
such a complex system is difficult to match in the u.s. , where distribution chains are long . indeed , james h. moran , public-relations director for campbell , cites distribution problems as one reason why the company withdrew its fresh chef line of refrigerated sauces , soups and salads two years ago .
allegis rose 7/8 to 72 on volume of 473,600 shares . ashton-tate unveiled a new line of dbase iv data base management software designed for os-2 and ms-dos-based personal computers .
< p > @ american home plans to buy vli , a maker of contraceptive products , in an attempt to bolster its line in the face of generic competition .
the human group was paced by an 18 % rise in its naproxen and naproxen sodium anti-arthritic drugs . the company 's diagnostics lines showed an 8 % sales increase , while sales of animal-health products rose 7 % from a year ago .
in composite new york stock exchange trading yesterday , tandy shares closed at $ 40.25 , off 50 cents . ibm introduced its ps/2 line last april , partially in a bid to regain market share lost to lower-cost clones .
`` blacks talk to their stars on the screen . if they hear a clever line , they 'll say , 'get down . '
( at least the aides appreciate the absurdity . the prize for best line of the night goes to bush pollster robert teeter .
< p > @ polaroid corp. , as expected , unveiled a new low-priced line of instant cameras called impulse .
five million part-time workers , many getting the minimum wage , want full-time jobs , the u.s. labor department says ; the figure is unusually high for this late in a business boom . geologists doing low-wage work in retail stores will be first in line for jobs when a big firm comes to town , an oklahoma employment service says .
< p > @ many takeover lawyers cross the line between legal adviser and business strategist .
so , manhattan toy , with $ 5 million in annual sales , has sued the $ 1 billion gerber products co. , alleging gerber has infringed manhattan toy 's copyrights . after his company began selling its dinosaurs in 1984 through retailers such as neiman marcus , bloomingdale 's and f.a.o . schwarz , mr. goldwyn says , gerber launched a line of inexpensive imitations .
in early may , the new york attorney general 's office said it was investigating alfin 's advertising claims for glycel . in late may , alfin said it would refocus its business back to fragrances , its original business , and said it had hired bear , stearns & co. to study alternatives including the sale of the skin-care line .
`` they are intrigued , '' adds ms. emmons , `` because never has the technical mattered so much . in other productions you kill yourself to make a chair and the director will just throw it out if they cut the line about the chair .
three months later , when the tune was given the song-slide treatment , `` take me out to the ball game '' became a big hit . twelve to 16 colored transparencies were usually necessary to illustrate a song , one slide for each line of lyrics .
< p > @ hallmark cards inc. said it reached an agreement to settle a two-year dispute involving a line of its cards that resemble those of blue mountain arts , a small boulder , colo. , concern .
`` we 're going to sit and digest this one , and we 'll look at it maybe a year from now , '' he said . the company also remains interested in acquisitions of consumer-product operations that would fit with its purex and dial lines -- `` anything that 's not perishable and can sit on a grocery shelf , '' he said .
the toy maker also decided to aim the doll at little girls ; thus , all but one of the original story 's male characters were changed to females . `` you do n't sell ( a line of ) little boys to girls , '' explains roseann radosevich , design director for dolls at hasbro . ( but bucky buckaroo , a space cowboy , remained male to add an element of romance . )
the stock has risen steadily from the $ 6.50 price at which it was initially offered last thursday . new image designs , assembles and markets a line of computer imaging systems and software .
`` this could be a terrific opportunity for good value , mid-priced brands to reassert themselves , '' says nancy posternak , managing director of strategic services at thompson . `` people still will splurge on a european car or the top-of-the line stereo system , but they may choose a lower-priced dishwasher or tv set if the brand is perceived as a good buy . ''
when the novel came on the market in late 1985 , at least five houses wanted it . gerald howard , who runs penguin 's contemporary american fiction line , says he took care of the competition by `` reading it very quickly and going nuts for it . ''
< p > @ general motors corp. 's chevrolet division , reacting to slow sales , said it will offer $ 800 rebates on its 1990 beretta , the two-door version of its core compact-car line .
companies that sell cars in the u.s. are required by federal law to phase in passive-restraint systems such as automatic seat belts or airbags . ford did n't specify which car lines might get the safety equipment , which protects passengers against injury in head-on collisions , but said they would be added to cars with driver-side air bags .
terms were n't disclosed . the line will be made in the u.s. and introduced in february for the fall 1989 season , the companies said .
second to the aku fishery in the islands ' modern commercial fishing catch is the long-line or flag-line fishery . flag-line fishermen cruise offshore , putting out lines that are from five to eight miles long .
< p > @ general motors corp. 's saturn corp. subsidiary is expected tomorrow to announce details of a sales network composed of far fewer dealers than the auto maker 's other car lines .
it was a silly thought . sitting in a desk chair instead of paddling a canoe , pounding cursors instead of casting a line , and staring into a computer screen instead of peering into the silvery water of a still lake will never , for either dan or me , replace the natural rhythms of real fishing .
nearly every cosmetic is sold under the pretended imprimatur of one or both of these oracles . the sales force for estee lauder 's clinique line , for instance , dresses in white lab coats to hustle its hospital-green bottles and tubes .
we think you can be serving the public good at the moody 's or the goldman sachses too . `` a blurry line does n't help the schools , which from the beginning have struggled to separate themselves from the more established law schools and business schools .
executives of at & t 's data systems group have said last year 's fourth-quarter sales of personal computers were hurt by slow deliveries from olivetti . at & t also has been unhappy with olivetti 's launching a minicomputer line in europe that competes with at & t 's 3b line , instead of trying harder to sell at & t 's products .
`` is it $ 3.50 , $ 2.50 , a dollar , is it negative ? `` he asked . mr. sheelen has been a visible and outspoken salesman for regina , often boasting that the company would become the leader of the $ 700 million vacuum-cleaner market by 1989 , overtaking household name hoover co. , a unit of chicago pacific corp. regina had traditionally been known as a marketer of lightweight `` stick '' cleaners , or electric brooms , but under mr. sheelen 's direction the company has begun marketing a broad line of appliances .
basic telephone business revenue increased 2 % to $ 2.47 billion from $ 2.42 billion , while non-telephone operation revenue slumped 17 % to $ 137.3 million , compared with $ 165.2 million . in the business segment , new telephone lines increased by 7.1 % and call volume , reflected in minutes of use , rose 11.5 % . bell atlantic installed 105,000 new telephone lines , both business and residential , for an increase of 3.2 % and a total of $ 16.3 million .
putting nylon-rooted hair -- rather than braided cloth hair -- on cabbage patch dolls was its concept , alberts says . according to alberts , coleco is paying royalties for using the concept on one popular line of dolls , but not on the bubble bath babies line , which was introduced early this year .
other auto makers have showed a decided preference for tv . for example , mr. vitulli said chrysler corp. 's lower-priced plymouth auto line will spend 10 % of it media budget on print and 90 % on broadcast tv and cable .
the scammers themselves are quick to move at the first hint of trouble , surfacing in a new place under a new name to fleece a new flock . and frequently good cases ca n't be made against them anyway , because the line between outright fraud and unethical but technically legal behavior is often indistinct .
for texas instruments , the agreement is one of its first major announcements to flesh out a business strategy the company outlined in december , emphasizing alliances with other semiconductor makers . intel is an obvious choice in that strategy , analysts said , because texas instruments ' line of semiconductors is weakest where intel 's is strongest .
micro machines are expected to account for about 40 % of galoob 's sales this year , sparking renewed interest in the market for die-cast cars , as plastic action figures for boys have fallen out of favor . micro machines are likely to continue strong through the christmas season , but analysts say next year the line will face stiff competition from other toy makers , including new offerings from universal matchbox group ltd. 's matchbox toys and mattel 's hot wheels line .
stratus computers are used by many brokerage firms and stock exchanges to handle securities quotes and customer accounts data . stratus said the new xa2000 line includes five systems with prices from $ 261,000 to $ 1.1 million .
christian lacroix 's flashy , billowy clothes are as cumbersome as the gowns marie antoinette 's ladies-in-waiting dressed her in . last week , mr. lacroix , the hot french designer , brought his fall 1987 line here for a charity fashion show at the world financial center in lower manhattan .
an ambulance trails the candidate 's limousine . police cars form the vanguard and rear guard ; other police cars block off all the crossroads to make sure an errant john deere does n't break the line .
if he had n't it would n't have reached us , because it was a heavy coil with a long way to go . i snubbed the line around the wagon seat , and made it good and tight with several half hitches .
their task of keeping the bow into the seas had been eased by the sea anchor , but they must still be alert for every plunging movement of the ship . merewether took a turn of line about himself and fastened it to the weather shrouds .
so it soon will start a program to train nearly 50,000 compliance managers and employees by dec. 31 in the right and wrong ways to use statistics . it 's a fine line to walk .
third-quarter operating profit from tenneco 's energy businesses rose to $ 101 million from $ 77 million a year earlier . its manufacturing businesses had a loss from operations of $ 52 million , compared with year-earlier profit from operations of $ 101 million , on lower results from its newport news shipbuilding unit and a `` significant '' deficit at its case ih tractor unit , which posted losses from discounting a line of tractors .
they blame their troubles on mr. jones and on since-departed nautilus executives ( their own people , not jones holdovers ) , who they say spent too aggressively in the diversification effort . and they are upbeat about new products -- a line of exercise machines for handicapped people and computerized medical machines designed to diagnose and treat bad backs ( in competition with mr. jones 's new device ) and other maladies . `` we 're excited about the medical line , '' says mr. bonney .
it was all too mellow to be believed , but they probably would have gotten away with it , had they not felt compelled to add ms. collins 's signature tune , `` amazing grace , '' and ask for audience participation . that went over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings .
polaroid 's requests and kodak 's responses , disclosed in federal court documents unsealed friday in boston , are part of a 12-year battle between the two companies . the court already has ruled that kodak 's line of instant cameras and film introduced in 1976 infringed on seven patents of polaroid , the founder of instant photography and the only other company in the business in the u.s .
ic industries has approximately 113 million shares outstanding . investment sources said other possible bidders for ic may emerge , including e-ii holdings inc. , the fledgling chicago-based company carved out of beatrice cos. ' nonfood lines in july .
honda says the five-cylinder engine provides a compromise between the fuel-economy of a four-cylinder , and the power of a v-6 . it is rumored to be bound for a new model in the luxury acura line in the u.s. , but honda officials would n't comment .
zane e. barns , southwestern bell 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects the company 's cellular properties to be profitable by the end of 1989. in new telephone lines , southwestern bell had its best quarterly performance since 1985. new telephone lines quadrupled . the company added 114,866 new lines in the third quarter , up 88,866 from 26,000 a year earlier .
but at the moment of contact thomas mugridge cried out . then he came in like a fresh-caught fish on a line , clearing the rail generously and striking the deck in a heap , on hands and knees , and rolling over .
earnings for the quarter were on target , analysts said . `` all segments of their business were up in sales , and they had an especially strong gain in their prescription line , '' said painewebber 's mr. nordmann .
in boulder , bob gall , general manager of blue mountain arts , said the company is elated that its creative designs are protected and that `` we can get back to publishing cards without fear of being copied. '' mr . gall said blue mountain publishes about 100 different cards under the lines it had charged hallmark with copying .
ronald m. nordmann , a drug analyst at painewebber , said robins would constitute `` a very good catch '' for rorer , provided the dalkon shield liability could be capped at a `` reasonable '' level . by acquiring robins , rorer could build its prescription- and over-the-counter drug lines , he said .
it is appropriate to ask whether , in our contemporary , deregulated transportation environment , the law promotes or encumbers public-interest considerations ; whether nothing more is needed than to transfer the two industries to the other law ; or whether , in an attempt to change , the collision of special interests in congress might reshuffle the deck in some unpredictable way that would not serve either the public or the industries . for people who have invested their careers in one or the other of the railway labor act industries , these are profound questions that deserve more than a throwaway line in what is otherwise a constructive editorial .
`` in this business , that 's all-important . `` ibm will continue to make its three lines of copiers , which kodak expects to market under its own name by the end of the year .
analysts say this is n't impossible , given their own projections that black & decker earnings could soar to $ 5 to $ 6 a share over the same period . black & decker 's purchase of general electric 's small appliance line in 1985 `` was more risky than emhart , '' mr. archibald declares .
terms of the revised transaction were n't disclosed . the institutional soap products line has annual sales of about $ 13 million . the original agreement was to acquire just the consumer soap lines .
others wonder if gillette is boosting near-term profits by actions that will hurt future profits . gillette is trying to dispel that notion by disclosing plans to step up marketing in its sagging toiletries business , such rolling out a line of dry idea antiperspirants for men .
`` if the disappointment is deep enough another hostile offer may be . . . forthcoming. '' mr . preston , responding to this criticism , said through a spokesman , `` there was no way in may to forecast that the gift and jewelry lines would underperform in the fourth quarter .
one of these , the premier , is especially important . it is the first model in the new eagle brand of cars that chrysler plans to sell through the 1,400 dealers it added to its distribution network when it picked up american motors . ( the eagle line is n't to be confused with the eagle model formerly sold by amc . )
she turned to confront him , a spark of anger in her eyes . `` that goes beyond the line of pleasing , sir !
mr. scala and his boss , mr. hohorst , who is 33 years old , both say they are too busy to read lengthy economic news stories and analyses . they rely mainly on the frantic financial wire services , and often they read only the headlines -- a single line of shorthand that appears on the very bottom of their computer screens , in whatever space is n't taken up by a long list of currency price quotes .
`` or a medium ? `` arkansas gov . bill clinton , the latest in a line of white southerners given prime spots at the convention , delivered the sole nominating speech for mr. dukakis , and the governor 's first campaign swing with sen. bentsen tomorrow is designed to re-emphasize his commitment to challenge the gop in every region of the nation .
about 59,200 fewer shares were outstanding in fiscal 1986. the 1986 results reflect significant declines in sales of wood finishes and maintenance and marine coatings , but a `` strong performance '' by the coatings lines valspar acquired from mobil corp. in 1984 , mr. wurtele said .
leslie thomas , a junior at pennsylvania state university , agrees that a straight approach is generally best . `` i do n't think lines work , '' she says .
they can , however , be summed up simply never think of your limits or distant goals ; keep telling yourself to go just a little farther . if the daedalus pilot does run out of steam , though , he can toss a line to a chase boat , which in theory will be able to keep the aircraft aloft by pulling it to shore like a giant kite .
both companies will continue to operate separately outside this country . san francisco-based chevron for many years has produced the ortho line of chemical products , which has had a difficult time in an increasingly competitive business .
the indianapolis company was formed last fall after ransburg corp. decided to pull the plug on its loss-ridden industrial robot business . two entrepreneurs acquired a line of ransburg 's welding robots .
robert h. smith , national-oilwell chairman , said , `` by combining the strengths of two of the leading companies in the field , we are forming an entity which can survive under current depressed industry conditions . `` the company makes and sells a complete line of drilling and production equipment .
for instance , the technology is n't sophisticated enough to recognize unusual accents . moreover , some people still do n't like talking to a machine , forcing them to stay on the line until a human operator eventually picks up the call .
the biggest shot in the arm for ibm may have been the february announcement of an unglamorous but pivotally important product a new piece of software to control the basic workings of ibm 's three-year-old sierra line of mainframes . some analysts believe the thousands of corporations and governments that run their finances on million-dollar ibm mainframes had n't previously had a compelling reason to trade up to the sierra line .
the `` extended '' version of os/2 includes features that make it far easier for personal computers to talk to mainframes and extract data from them . it was promised at ibm 's april announcement of its new line of personal computers and is a major feature of ibm 's push to lock up the corporate market .
as with other types of liability insurance , an extended price war among writers of coverage for directors and officers helped to make the business unprofitable over the past few years . and even more than in other lines , claims ballooned far beyond expectations .
macbeth is crowned king , but he is consumed by guilt . experiencing gradual disintegration , he utters the lines that signal the futility of his existence
the new york shakespeare festival 's summer production of `` king john '' has given many theatergoers -- myself included -- the chance to be virgins again . it 's not often we get to see a shakespeare play whose plot , characters , famous lines and legendary interpreters are n't rattling around our brains before the curtain goes up .
he could feel the cage move as it strained against the lashings at each roll . what he could not see was how the constant working of the cage was wearing the line thin where it was tied to the railing . a big sea , a heavy roll , and the line finally parted . with the next roll the cage slid a foot , then was stopped by the slackening line . on the following roll the cage slid back a foot and ben 's great weight behind it shot the cage forward and snapped the remaining lines .
it reached far out into the bay of kiel . at that long jetty , many a british warship had fastened her lines for a friendly visit during the internationally famous `` kieler week `` of the kaiser 's era .
separately , james e. edwards , an at & t senior vice president who preceded mr. cassoni as head of the computer division , said he is leaving the company , effective monday . according to managers in the computer , or data systems , division , at & t will announce new products that include an addition to its 3b minicomputer line , software products to connect its machines to those of international business machines corp. , a laser printer , the latest version of the unix v operating system software and some local area network products .
on a 1988 chevrolet cavalier , a package of popular options costing the customer $ 1,477 when purchased separately is discounted by $ 675 when ordered as a complete package . in addition , the competitive marketplace has frequently required the use of cash rebates or low-interest-rate financing on many car lines .
there is a dadaist nonsense letter entitled `` the , '' in which that word has been replaced by an asterisk . thus , the epistle 's opening line reads `` if you come into linen , your time is thirsty because ink saw some wood intelligent enough to get business from a sister . ''
digital equipment corp. , maynard , mass. , and emc corp. agreed to drop suits against each other as part of a settlement under which emc will be granted a license to use some digital technology . digital , a computer company , sued emc in u.s. district court in boston in 1985 charging that one line of emc 's computer memory products infringed on digital patents .
it 's coming a little premonitory shiver in that aspen on the hill lets me get out half a cast , and swish it gently back and forth , ready for the main puff to hit the pool . no more than half a line , mind you !
she was surprised when shirley told her that the higginses , shirley 's first parents-in-law , had spoken of her as a socialist . all she had ever done was draw the line between possible and inconceivable behavior , which were her personal substitutes for right and wrong .
the new york plan froze basic rates , offered no protection to nynex against an economic downturn that sharply cut demand and did n't offer flexible pricing . in contrast , the california economy is booming , with 4.5 % access line growth in the past year .
at a micoin neighborhood food store in managua 's santa ana sur barrio , residents blame the ministry for distributing spoiled cooking oil that gives their children indigestion . once every 15 days barrio housewives leave bricks , empty paint cans and bottle caps outside the store at 9 a.m. to secure a place in line for the 1:30 p.m. opening .
it is now developing an exclusive line of household merchandise that bears her name . chicago-based sears , roebuck & co. , meanwhile , is selling a line of mckids clothing under a licensing arrangement with mcdonald 's corp. and is developing other children 's products under a similar agreement with walt disney co .
far away upstream a new sound had begun a rumble-grumble like a big jet in the sky . we were lucky that brains was a scout life guard and knew how to heave a line .
oak said the group it is acquiring from new york-based electronic technologies had revenue of $ 18.7 million in the fiscal year ended sept. 30. oak , which produces cable television equipment , previously said it was planning an acquisition program involving smaller additions to its current lines , and possibly larger purchases outside its current business .
the ship backs off with a clang of bells . a nylon line stretches taut to the whale , dripping along its length and trembling like a fiddle string .
the three-month-old strike at nynex seriously hurt the installation of new telephone lines in the quarter . nynex said access lines in service at the end of the quarter were off 18,000 from the previous quarter , which reported an increase of 160,000 new access lines .
< p > @ a hundred cowboys and cowgirls race their horses into the arena , the riders forward in their saddles urging the horses faster , circling the arena on the run before forming two parallel lines that stretch from one end of the space to the other .
the noise damper on my air-conditioner has blown through the roof . `` `` oh , hell , `` a tired voice said at the other end of the line .
i hoped they had n't come for dinner . it was going to be important for us to stay together , so i unwrapped the line from my waist , and we tied a length to each raft .
the only reason the former employees reportedly gave for tapping the phones was for national security concerns . three of the residents , whose lines were allegedly tapped , filed the suits .
great america , a santa clara , calif. , amusement park , brags about its thrilling roller coaster . but if you want to do something really wild , try cutting in line .
such a reaction would be avoided , however , if only the donor 's stem cells were transplanted . the stem cells would n't attack the recipient 's tissues but , instead , would migrate to various parts of the recipient 's body and churn out a complete line of progeny blood cells that would be compatible with the recipient 's body .
i wonder if those supporting the bill ever took a sick child and two well ones to the doctor for a routine illness such as an ear infection or strep throat . did they then face another 20-plus minutes at the drugstore with the same three whiny children , one in pain and the other two frustrated while an overworked pharmacist attempted to serve a long line of customers ?
the month of august in ' 41 was but a few days old when u-557 sailed for her second patrol . at 1400 we removed the lines from the pillars .
she is one of several characters that together brought in $ 17.6 million in licensing fees to american greetings in its fiscal 1986 , ended last feb. 28. the summary-trial jury decided for american greetings in finding that there had been no intention for mrs. sargent to have commercial rights to the work she did for the company and that her 1977 work on so-called leader cards , which were part of the process of developing the strawberry shortcake line of greeting cards , was n't original .
margeotes , whose clients include godiva and maccabee beer , has had a string of new business wins . it recently picked up the ad accounts for haagen-dazs , newsday and for a number of jewelry lines from crystal brands .
the agency ultimately could force a recall of the cars . whatever the case , the questions raised about the h-body cars are n't good news for gm , which already is suffering from sluggish sales of its broader line of vehicles .
the plan to test as many as 40 mckids specialty stores in shopping malls over the next two years is part of a broader effort by sears to revitalize its sagging retailing operations . the mckids stores will carry national brands as well as an exclusive line of mckids clothing and toys .
by racing and pounding the first movement of the sonata no . 32 ( marked maestoso-allegro con brio ed appassionato ) he produced not heroism , but a tantrum . mr. barenboim 's performances also raise the question when does true interpretation cross the line into mere caprice ?
among other things , analysts say , it risks confusing customers and dealers because its line 2 machines also may compete with minicomputers it already markets in europe for at & t . the expected unveiling of the new minicomputer line , along with september 's introduction of a line of new olivetti personal computers , seems to correct one of olivetti 's biggest problems this year .
the fees were first challenged by mid-america pipeline co. , a mapco inc. unit . the case is significant because it is the latest in a line of supreme court appeals raising questions about the separation of power under the constitution .
at & t has been dissatisfied , moreover , with olivetti sales of its 3b2 minicomputers and system 75 phone switchboard lines in europe . olivetti also ruffled some at & t feathers last november when it came out with a line of minicomputers that some analysts say compete with the at & t machines olivetti is supposed to sell .
< p > @ advertising ingalls , quinn & johnson said it was designated by gillette co. to handle the advertising and promotional support for the test marketing of a new line of skin care products called myoko .
when sir geoffrey asked me that , i said it was all there in our statement . but he asked me `` what 's your best point ? '' -- he asked me that repeatedly , until i got fed up with him , and i said this is not fair , it 's not the sort of thing you can answer with one line .
< p > @ union carbide corp. said it is expanding its line of substitutes for chlorofluorocarbons used in making foam cushioning .
harry has avoided all that by living in a long island suburb with his wife , who 's so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays into manhattan . but it does n't take too many lines to figure harry out .
dmi furniture inc. said it reopened an assembly facility in huntingburg , ind. , that had been idle since 1980. the 17,000-square-foot plant , which began production june 1 , will assemble and finish wooden chairs for the company 's residential desk line .
while microsoft would be prevented from selling its older program in brazil , the redmond , wash. , company would be assured of a possibly larger market for subsequent programs , they said . meanwhile , brasilia also appears to be retreating from a reported plan to allow a brazilian company to manufacture an imitation of a widely used line of personal computers designed by apple computer inc. u.s. trade officials earlier said that brazil 's disregard for the patent rights of u.s. computer makers was another reason for the threatened sanctions .
but good intentions sometimes are n't good enough . one recent day , as a jostling crowd of cubans waited in line for more than an hour to get their monthly allowances of beans , rice and other foodstuffs , one of mr. leiva 's freezers was out of order .
`` catch anything ? `` the leader asked . `` just one , `` drew answered , pointing to the fish he had tied up on a line floating in the water .
he went over to stand by rick . we tossed the lines over the side , setting the fishing boat adrift .
since then , it has been widely assumed that mr. kelly would find some new way to get back into the acquisition game . spinning off swift-eckrich , whose lines include the butterball turkey brand , would leave mr. kelly in control of the core business he knows best . many of the meat lines were part of esmark inc. , a conglomerate that mr. kelly built in the 1970s .
some wall street sources are speculating that among those lines are pieces of charles of the ritz group ltd. , recently purchased by yves saint laurent international s.a. as previously reported , paris-based saint laurent is selling the upscale charles of the ritz and alexandra de markoff brands , as well as less prestigious lines such as jean nate and bain de soleil .
we could hear voices and shouted orders . at length , a signal was given and men started pulling on the line which ran through the block at the peak of the tripod .
yet , even here , the impact is mixed because there are fewer clones than were expected a few weeks ago , and they are mainly from little-known companies . ibm also unveiled a new addition to its line of local area networks , or lans , which can lash together groups of computers , even from different makers .
< p > @ bellsouth , based in atlanta , said earnings rose because of increases in new customer lines and toll usage .
as a result , mr. jager says , `` a small business can look at a situation and say , 'not only is the climate more favorable for me to take on a big infringer , but the chances for a higher return are greater than they used to be . ' '' in its suit , manhattan toy does n't ask for specific damages , only an amount equal to the profits gerber has made on its dinosaur line .
in another uncharacteristic move , digital decided to buy a microprocessor from mips computer systems inc. , sunnyvale , calif. , to produce a powerful workstation that uses the industry standard unix operating system . the decision meant canceling digital 's own project to build a microprocessor and a departure from its message of compatibility across the whole computer line .
but both sides agreed that the new pc war could confuse their customers and hurt everyone 's sales . a string of new pc products was introduced by ibm in a bid to beef up its personal computer line .
a few seasons ago , he fell into the water wrestling with a large catch . he hung on to his line -- and landed the fish .
< p > @ bentsen and quayle polished their lines for tonight 's 90-minute vice presidential debate in omaha , neb .
the new system has already irked powerful senators . earlier this year , they discovered that they could n't get more than one person on the line at the same time when senate leaders called president reagan to tell him that the historic intermediate nuclear forces treaty had been approved .
the fanfare will be big because silverlake 's market is potentially huge . the machine will be a new model in ibm 's unglamorous but sturdy 3x line , with 275,000 current customers making the line one of the best-selling computer families ever outside the pc world .
neill felt his anger rising . the man was playing them , playing them like fish on a line .
stratus makes `` fault tolerant '' computers that can handle a constant stream of tasks without breaking down . it said that products in a new line of computers it introduced feb. 2 accounted for 75 % of its first-quarter revenue .
< p > @ movie buffs remember the line .
in fact , the religions of many simple peoples are more involved than our own . where we draw the line between superstition and religion , primitive man does not .
but if anything happened to you , they could use you for seed . `` the soldier now returned with a long line and tied all three firmly together , also lashing them to the body of the saw-horse ; so there seemed little danger of their tumbling off . ``
ibm is expected to spend $ 30 million advertising the new products in the next three months . the barrage began with a full-page newspaper ad yesterday that carried no company name and ended with a single line `` here we go again . ''
proceeds to the company will be used for payment of bank debt , working capital , plant and equipment expenditures and other general purposes . based in conshohocken , pa. , the company makes and services a line of medical ultrasound equipment .
there is no more reason not to pay for tying up network facilities when calls go unanswered than there is for a refund on gasoline when one drives to a store only to find that desired merchandise is out of stock . callers anxious to reach parties whose lines are busy or unanswered can freely redial until they get through .
we run two or three rapids after they have been carefully examined . then we have a series of six or eight , over which we are compelled to pass by letting the boats down with lines .
jim perkins was named senior vice president of the lexus division of this unit of toyota motor corp. of japan . in the newly created position , mr. perkins will be responsible for all activities in the lexus division , which is scheduled to begin selling a new line of luxury cars in the u.s. next fall .
< p > @ tandy corp. 's computer sales were n't hurt in its third quarter ended march 31 by the expectation that international business machines corp. would announce a new line of personal computers , tandy 's chairman , john roach , said .
its 10 million people are burdened with an $ 18 billion debt , stuck with a defunct infrastructure and a technologically untrained work force . in budapest offices , secretaries often work in groups to make a single call on one of the country 's huge , pea-green telephone `` machines , '' which have plenty of levers and flashing lights but a poor record of finding a free line .
the closing of the cameron plant dashed farmers ' hopes of expanding markets for their promising new crop . with the plant vanished the jobs of 58 residents and the line of trucks that snaked into town during the annual harvest .
furling the sail and lashing it securely about the mast , boom , sprit , and two pairs of spare oars , i threw it overboard . a line connected it with the bow , and as it floated low in the water , practically unexposed to the wind , it drifted less rapidly than the boat .
but it took bridgestone four years to make up its mind , and it did so only after considerable strengthening of the yen against the dollar . sources say that beatrice has had such premium food lines as hunt tomato products and swift meats on the block in europe for a year , with no takers .
that gave reebok about 15 % ( unit volume ) of the u.s. basketball shoe market in 1986 , making it third after nike inc. and converse inc. , according to smart inc. , a market research firm . reebok said , however , that the woman 's basketball shoe it introduced in march was n't as successful as the men 's line .
justice william brennan , joined by justices thurgood marshall , sandra o'connor and harry blackmun , said the question of whether religious groups could hire only members of their own faith remains open when church-run , for-profit businesses are involved . they warned that justice white 's decision did n't draw a sharp enough line between nonprofit and for-profit activities .
beatrice cos. purchased ozarka in texas , arrowhead in california and great bear in the northeast and now is the nation 's largest bottled water company . and mckesson corp. , the nation 's second-largest water bottler , is considering adding a sparkling water to its still water lines .
america is the land of the norman rockwell small towns of his hollywood youth . doubtless ollie north 's deeds remind the president of his own intrepid exploits in films like `` desperate journey , '' where he helped errol flynn escape from a nazi pow camp ; the famous last line was , `` now for australia and a crack at those japs ! ''
industry heavyweights that previously ran upscale hotels and inns are moving into the budget sector , says joseph doyle , a lodging industry analyst at smith barney harris upham & co. for example , holiday corp. launched its hampton inns line of budget motels in 1984 , and marriott corp. started up the fairfield inns line in 1987 .
`` but the only hope for the women and children was the launch . `` a boat carrying a line was hurled into the cove at the cost of one broken arm .
to a lot of parents , what megaquest does is turn their telephones into raunchy , high-priced jukeboxes . cincinnati bell started running gab lines last year and was stunned to see customer complaints double .
one of the toughest department troubleshooters . his presence reflected the sensitive line between air force and state .
`` i 'd say the $ 1 million to $ 15 million market has been the most competitive arena of commercial lending in florida for the last few years , '' says william h. allen jr. , chairman of miami-based atico financial corp. and a former ncnb executive in florida . first union corp. , the other charlotte banking giant , dates its own `` sales culture '' back to 1984 , when it began making a science of shortening teller lines , cross-selling products and spot-checking employee courtesy .
previously , the fed lacked the effectiveness of the west german bundesbank or bank of japan , they add . a currency dealer at a new york bank with a direct line to the fed says that previously , `` when the fed would come in , the dollar would almost always go against them .
when he said he had left behind `` things you ca n't put in a suitcase , '' the audience members wept unabashedly . they cheered yoli 's line about the yanquis and roared at the jokes about `` weepy argentines '' ; they turned this astute but modest play into an occasion for a communal catharsis -- which is exactly what aristotle said theater was invented to be .
i well remember a particular incident i came upon the two older boys fishing in the late evening at the side of the pond . two grown men were rigged like wireless stations with every imaginable kind of fish line and fish lure , having fun for themselves .
the coast guard was called about the dead dolphin . they came in a cutter and tied a line to its tail and began towing the body seaward .
< p > @ international business machines corp. introduced a new line of midrange computers in a high-stakes bid to regain the dominance it once held in that market .
proponents of this view were abetted by nhl administrations , including the current one , that held that fighting is `` part of the game . `` if you had a dollar for every time a league or team official mouthed that silly line , you could restore all of the money lost in the recent stock-market decline .
for example , the bulk of ibm 's model 9370 shipments for the year -- which ibm estimates at 5,000 units -- will take place in the quarter . ibm also says that demand for its new ps/2 line of personal computers `` remains very strong . ''
< p > @ sun microsystems will unveil today a line of general-purpose computer workstations built around intel 's popular 80386 microprocessor .
the page shows the elegant interior of an expensive car . there , just slightly to the northeast of the leather-covered steering wheel , and west southwest of the burled walnut dashboard trim , are six lines from the second verse of the marvell poem .
he introduced his children to the sport as toddlers , and was n't about to take no for an answer . when camille balked at taking the line at age four , she was left to ponder her choice in the middle of a lake .
joe biden was an early exponent of the character issue , using it as a tool to undermine ed meese 's nomination to attorney general ( mr. meese 's past acts , he intoned , were `` beneath contempt '' ) . but character came back to destroy mr. biden as a plagiarist , who even as he was withdrawing from the race claimed as his own robert kennedy 's `` bend history '' line , a borrowing mr. biden had admitted days earlier .
`` ideological p.r . `` in washington ( as publicist melinda patrician put it ) is being handled by fenton communications inc. , which arranged screenings for civil-rights groups and community leaders , squeezing mr. costa-gavras in with its efforts as a registered foreign agent for the government of angola . ( the danny ortega and maurice bishop p.r . accounts have gone . ) a press release intones `` there is a fine line between fact and fiction .
sony corp. won a pretrial order blocking u.s. sales of justin products inc. 's `` my own '' line of portable audio players for children . judge john e. sprizzo issued the order in manhattan federal court , where sony has accused the tiny company of illegally knocking off the `` my first sony '' line .
how satisfying it was to be expected , how good it was to have survived ! a military band launched into a resounding march as u-557 came alongside the quay and fastened her lines .
the firm 's problems really began in the mid-1980s , when it decided against seeking a share of the new generation of fighters envisioned by the navy in order to concentrate its technical and financial resources on an overriding goal winning the multibillion-dollar contract to build a replacement for the bulbous-nosed a-6 intruder , the navy 's only long-range , all-weather bomber . but the company is n't among the firms picked for that contract , leaving it without a new line of warplanes when production of its battle-tested but aging models is phased out .
by 1985 , however , all but two american chip makers had to abandon the dram market . large , vertically integrated japanese firms , able to subsidize memory-chip sales with profits from other lucrative lines , made it impossible for most american companies to survive in this business .
in addition to common stock , allied-signal owns $ 200 million of union texas preferred stock that was purchased last year when union texas 's cash flow fell below specified targets . allied-signal 's second-quarter net income fell 22 % to $ 148 million , or 85 cents a share , including profit from continuing operations of $ 111 million and a $ 37 million gain from the sale of discontinued lines .
< p > @ certilman haft balin buckley kremer & hyman , a midsized new york law firm , is splitting along geographic and practice lines , effective oct. 1 .
`` the bottom line here is that the fragrance business just does n't fit with avon 's door-to-door selling business , '' said andrew shore , an analyst with shearson lehman hutton inc. `` assuming the fragrance business is worth what avon paid for it , the company is better off using the money to reduce debt . mr. shore , as well as several other analysts , speculated that avon decided to investigate the possible sale of its fragrance lines following a private meeting mr. preston had late last month with minneapolis investor irwin jacobs .
auto makers are the largest category of advertisers in magazines , spending $ 800 million in 1988 , an increase of 17 % from 1987. the shift in spending is part of a stepped-up campaign by chrysler to promote its high-end chrysler brand , which includes the imperial , new yorker , salon , lebaron , and town & country lines .
voters condemn the press for printing all this information at the same time they read every word of it voraciously . `` drawing the line is tricky business , but when it comes to heterosexual politicians , at least there are a few basics .
`` still , with the introduction of the new ibm machines it 's an important time for compaq and it would be better to have him than not , '' mr. galvin added . international business machines corp. last week introduced a new line of personal computers that will compete with compaq 's line , which has grown from the original portable to include a number of desktop models .
critics say it could be a vehicle for stock manipulators . oddly , many of the people that seem to be calling the tip line are wall street brokers , hungry for stock tips they say are n't available from their own research departments .
< p > @ dell computer corp. said it cut prices on several of its personal computer lines by 5 % to 17 % .
problems with faulty belts , weak suction , or other flaws have led to return rates as high as 30 % to 50 % on certain models , some retailers said . target stores , a subsidiary of dayton hudson corp. , said in the last month it dropped one regina line because of customer complaints .
mr. campbell , the head of pillsbury 's restaurant businesses , is well-known by insiders for an unflattering imitation of mr. stafford sitting stiffly at his desk and making a point by waving his glasses in a predictable pattern . at a generally hostile meeting with securities analysts last month , ronald morrow of smith barney , harris upham & co. introduced mr. stafford by using the ricky ricardo line from the `` i love lucy '' television series of the 1950s `` lucy , you got some 'splaining to do . ''
he never grew up and his verse is bogged in his swansea childhood . `` but in writing such lines will you allow yourself to think you are not paying off dylan for his inimitable verbal talent ?
i was just going to try to reach you . i have the husband of one of your patients on another line .
hyponex corp. said it agreed to be acquired by a unit controlled by o.m . scott & sons co. for $ 14 a share , or a total of about $ 72.8 million . both companies are lawn-care products concerns , but hyponex would give scott , of marysville , ohio , more of a presence in gardening lines .
the group also said it would consider filing with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to boost its stake . the group , which has held talks with investment bankers regarding some of the possible actions , said it would consider selling certain atlas lines and properties , should it gain control .
`` we set off little comedy bombs that go off later , '' years later , he explains . so he put in lines like `` make my doggie day , '' introduced a pretentious francophile pooch and , when a dog is having puppies , slipped in a joke about lamaze breathing .
on one end is the monday night poker game ; on the other end is the large public service group . we do n't know where the supreme court will draw the line . ''
the children are in a tree house high on the west hill . they have a perilously hung rope ladder which they tell me adults can not climb . ( and i believe them , for the ropes are the old lines from our ancient catboat . )
she owns a london wine bar and recently bought a big house in the country , where she plans to install herself and the entire family ( mum , dad , kid sis and the dogs ) . she 's also launched a line of cosmetics .
he said the dow jones industrials are likely to reach the 2400 level during the summer months as the market receives a boost from second-quarter earnings reports , which he expects to be strong . international business machines , which jumped 3 1/8 points tuesday after its introduction of the silverlake line of mid-range computers , surged another 2 3/4 to 123 .
in atlanta , john l. clendenin , bellsouth 's chairman and chief executive , said the results `` reflect strong growth in both our telephone operating companies and our non-regulated subsidiaries . `` while also providing no details of the unregulated businesses , he said bellsouth telephone company units added a record 177,000 new access lines .
but mr. walser does not leave it at that . `` breakers '' does not end up as another in a long line of stories about rigid germans who cut loose and lose their dignity in a relaxed , sunny climate .
he was brought back as beatrice 's chairman when it was acquired by kohlberg kravis roberts & co. last year in a $ 6.2 billion leveraged buy-out . in july , mr. kelly took beatrice 's non-food businesses and some of its smaller speciality food lines public as e-ii holdings inc .
amid all her parenting responsibilities , she could n't fit in 40 hours of work a week . `` i could n't draw a definite line -- i 'd drop everything for my children , '' recalls mrs. schuldt , who has returned to work at the factory , part-time .
if the models now under scrutiny are found to be defective , gm will recall and repair them , he said . the consumer group said one of the worst accidents involving the cars occurred in cincinnati on march 3 when , it said , a 1986 oldsmobile delta 88 suddenly accelerated and ran into a line of customers standing outside a restaurant .
by conservative estimates , at least $ 20 billion is held in accounts outside the country . bankers with comfortable offices overlooking crumbling buenos aires streets are always on the line to switzerland .
< p > @ miami beach millionaire victor posner began work friday at camillus house , an emergency shelter for the homeless here , admitting approximately 800 hungry people to its cafeteria-style food line .
the paper has already published a series of letters from officials , but in the end editors bear some responsibility for the accuracy and fairness of even letters to the editor . singapore officials seem to be using their new press law to claim unlimited access for whatever they choose to allege , and self-respecting editors must somewhere draw a line .
allis-chalmers corp. said it received a $ 150 million proposal for certain of its businesses from chicago-based ca ltd. the mining and minerals processing equipment concern said ca has offered to buy allis-chalmers 's solids process equipment business -- which also includes its energy and mineral systems line -- the stephens-adamson business , industrial pump business and power generation systems business .
the company declined to disclose the potential buyers . if it were to sell the building-materials line , the company said it would expect to report a one-time $ 10 million after-tax loss . the line consists of the 35-store lloyd chain of retail home-improvement centers , located mainly in southern connecticut and in westchester , n.y .
many executives at ibm hold stock options , he said , and `` a lot of options are under water there , '' having been awarded when the price was a good deal higher . ibm has undertaken a massive cost-control program , so far reaching into its manufacturing and marketing lines and involving substantial staff cuts and some plant closings .
`` there 's nothing ( really good that 's ) american , '' says alex gonzalez , an assistant manager , after listing the virtues of an expensive german brand . of the store 's best american line , he says sadly , `` the steel is good , but there 's a problem with the handle .
he seeks the house investigation `` to ensure that the public record is clear. '' mr . frank 's troubles are simply the latest in a long line of ethical peccadilloes -- financial and sexual , heterosexual and homosexual -- that have left politicians and their advisers searching for guidelines .
usually we come out that i can tell the company everything that i think will matter in the least bit to what he 's going to be like on the job from nine to five . if i thought he was going to be cruising at the water cooler at ten-thirty in the morning , i might have to draw the line .
at the same time , saratoga is up to date enough to make wandering new yorkers feel at home . signs in front of several of the manses proclaim them to have been condo-ized , the track offers pick six and trifecta wagering along with other new-fangled betting gimmicks , and lines everywhere are manhattan-long .
electrolux , which is n't affiliated with ab electrolux of sweden , has annual sales of about $ 400 million . as previously reported , the electrolux unit did n't fit with chicago-based sara lee 's lines in packaged non-durable consumer products .
`` this will cause more hard feelings in { the houston suburb of } river oaks than stealing someone else 's maid , '' jokes rep. charles wilson ( d. , texas ) . `` bentsen will draw the line in the dust like travis at the alamo . ''
remind the comptroller that before he can create a bottom line , someone must generate the top line of the income statement . by having the sales representative do what he or she does best -- namely , meeting directly with the customer -- and by supporting that function with skilled people to do the automated administration for them via cellular phone connections , you can change the way your top line is created .
the roaring of the sea and wind -- fiery meteors flying about in the air -- the prodigious glare of almost perpetual lightning -- the crash of the falling houses -- the ear-piercing shrieks of the distressed , were sufficient to strike astonishment into angels . actually , the pen writing those lines was that of alexander hamilton .
milton roy recently fended off unsolicited overtures from thermo electron corp. , a waltham , mass. , maker of biomedical products . milton roy disclosed in may that it was approached for a possible acquisition by thermo electron , which agreed to purchase milton roy 's liquid-chromatography line for $ 22 million in february .
for most of nine hours we prowl the shoreline and places in the lake where weeds or fallen trees puncture the water 's surface . we cruise a line of rundown boat sheds , and cook slips a neat cast into each .
horses are run to win purses and bets , not break records . the race track , where the talk is saltier than the french fries , has a stock line for everything , and `` time is only important in prison , '' covers that .
but after kodak 's second-quarter profit plunged 85 % -- and shocked wall street -- only a tantrum , a vivid demonstration of how he wanted to cut costs , would suffice . `` there 's no working the middle course in wartime , '' mr. chandler asserted , borrowing a line from winston churchill .
paul had brought the fig tree from north florida and honor always thought of the one jesus cursed when she looked at it , because it remained barren in spite of paul 's careful tending . when she had finished the dishes honor called ann luise and knew at once from the glum tone at the other end of the line that ann luise 's parents had gone out and left her to baby-sit .
a caller in chicago , for instance , could call a chicago company and get switched to a branch office in new york without paying the full long-distance rates . to pay for such activity , the fcc now makes companies pay $ 25 a month for certain local lines that connect to big companies ' switchboards .
he said that analysts ' projections that the company was purchased for $ 30 million are `` in the ballpark . `` however , he says he expects 30 % of sales each year will come from new products -- defined as products developed internally that were n't part of rubbermaid 's line five years earlier , and not including line extensions , which merely modify style or design .
`` wait a minute , `` o'dwyer said . sarah got on the line at once .
< p > @ qmax technology group inc. , dayton , ohio , said it is offering a new line of skin-treatment gels for use by cosmetic companies in their skin-care products .
< p > @ just five months after its introduction , general motors corp. is raising the price of its 1990 chevrolet lumina sedan , the first of a new line of four-door sedans gm is counting on to boost its sagging car-market share .
`` did he say where he was , mrs. mcguire ? `` a suppressed sob came over the line .
ibm 's 80386 computers became available in june . tandy introduced two additions to the low end of its line , aimed at two markets that are tandy 's traditional strength , schools and home users .
moreover , digital has continued to sell equipment in financial and insurance markets that were traditionally ibm 's bailiwick . mr. schulman says products introduced at decworld will give digital an opportunity to counterattack against the 9370 line .
no one can seriously claim to have been deluded about the politics of federal spending the past seven years . in drawing the line on taxes , the president made clear his intention to stop the great game of the 1960s and 1970s of turning over to the government ever more of the private economy 's resources .
those revenues increased 45 % to $ 757.6 million from $ 524.1 million , while revenues from long distance calls made within the same area code rose 8 % to $ 427.1 million from $ 394.6 million . new telephone lines continue to grow at a clip of 4.5 % annually . the company added 216,000 new telephone lines in the third quarter for a total of 16.3 million . so far this year , the company has added 537,000 lines .
esquire magazine group 's remaining unit , the press and video division , was acquired by a group of shareholders , including its management . the division publishes books and produces a line of how-to videocassettes .
the decline in first-quarter profit reflected a shift in northern 's canadian production to less profitable wire and cable products during a four-week strike in march at its main canadian plant in bramalea , ontario , where telephone switches are produced . central-office switches , which accounted for 53 % of northern 's revenue last year , are used by telephone companies to route voice and data communications over telephone lines . mr. fitzgerald said he expects that sales of switches , as measured by new telephone lines , `` are going to flatten out '' during the next few years , and that increased competition in north america will continue to drive down prices .
< p > @ medchem products inc. said it signed a letter of intent to purchase for $ 31 million a line of surgical products used in stopping bleeding .
mr. harrison said mccormick does n't have a specific target in mind . but he indicated that the most likely type of candidate would fit with mccormick 's retail or consumer-brand products , which include major lines of spices and sauce mixes .
the sec 's revived activism in the banking realm does n't sit well with the american bankers association , either . in light of the blurred line between the banking and securities industries , the sec required all commercial banks that solicit brokerage business to register as broker-dealers .
amdahl corp. , playing tit for tat with arch-rival international business machines corp. , said it lopped off 10 % to 14 % from the price of its mainframe computers . as previously reported , last week , armonk , n.y.-based ibm unveiled a new line of aggressively priced mainframe machines in a bid to undersell feisty amdahl .
beatrice 's food core includes swift meats , hunt 's tomato products and wesson cooking oil . the e-ii offering continues beatrice 's strategy of shedding its non-food lines .
murjani licensed the vanderbilt trademark to another women 's apparel firm , jones apparel group in 1985 , but took the brand back last march . murjani said jones apparel diluted the trademark by introducing an extensive line of women 's sportswear and de-emphasizing jeans .
using other data on her coloring and age , the computer produces printouts with color recommendations for `` casual , '' '' polished '' and `` evening '' looks . noxell corp. , which already has computers , recently started an ad campaign for its clarion cosmetics line that touts the machines ' ability to make the `` right '' choice .
< p > @ ibm unveiled a line of mainframe computers in a bid to win back marketing ground lost to rival amdahl .
texaco rose 1 5/8 to 48 1/2 and topped the big board 's list of most active issues on composite volume of about four million shares . international business machines , which introduced its silverlake line of mid-range computers as expected , jumped 3 1/8 to 120 1/4 and was among a number of technology issues that paced the market 's advance .
when albert cluveau said that about ned my heart started beating so fast i thought i might fall . i held on tight to the fishing pole till i was steady , then i pulled in my line and went back home .
but with the city 's growth as the west coast 's financial hub and the gateway to the pacific rim , businessmen with expense accounts have clamored for first-class hotel rooms . guests , who typically shell out $ 175 to $ 300 a night for a single ( the price can go up to $ 3,000 for the ne plus ultra in sybaritic surroundings ) , are being pampered with larger rooms or suites , real marble bathrooms with television , phones with more than one line , plush robes , exotic flowers and complimentary wine .
without the shelter of the small boat harbor , they were pitifully vulnerable to the gale that drove into the bay from the open sea . unless they had stout anchor lines and plenty of scope , they would be in trouble .
it is limited only by the creativity of the people who 'll relaunch it. '' mr . carosi insists hasbro has made some advances in the area of line extensions .
the case involves 83 of an estimated 14,000 designs made by hallmark , the industry giant . two years ago , blue mountain arts inc. of boulder , colo. , sued hallmark for trademark violations , contending that hallmark 's personal touch line of cards was too similar to its products .
the only sound was a wailing baby somewhere in the boat . lines were dropped , and now the boat was fast .
either way , mr. cavett is ill at ease -- shifting uncertainly from foot to foot , fidgeting with his hands . under the time pressure , he botches lines and says inane things ( of a mid-match 200-200 tie he commented , `` i ca n't help noticing the score is fairly even '' ) .
mr. rollwagen also said he told seymour cray , the company founder , about how apple was using the machine . `` there was a pause on the other end of the line , '' mr. rollwagen recalls , `` and seymour said , 'that 's interesting , because i 'm designing the next cray with an apple . ' ''
her decision swiftly prompted moans from hungarians , including a sour reader who wrote to the magyar hirlap newspaper asking , `` does every wonder only last three days ? `` when the mcdonald 's restaurant opened in belgrade , police were called in to keep watch on the lines of customers snaking around the block and to limit the number of people entering the premises to avoid overcrowding .
for example , the question of `` how much is too much '' of a specific toxic chemical is one that has bedeviled regulatory agencies since the beginning of modern toxics law . even after a chemical is absolutely confirmed to cause cancer , based on laboratory or workplace doses , there is extensive debate over the danger of smaller doses , and where or whether to draw a line between amounts worth worrying about and amounts that can more or less be safely ignored .
the new agency is likely to be a much smaller one than thompson , an industry source said . thompson 's recent account losses include pillsbury co. 's $ 200 million burger king corp. account , $ 100 million of ford motor co. business in europe and latin america , the $ 30 million account for pepsico inc. 's slice soft drink line , and a dozen smaller accounts .
< p > @ tandy corp. unveiled additions to both the low end and high end of its computer line , including a powerful model that is priced about 20 % lower than similar machines from international business machines corp. and compaq computer corp .
silence . `` and then the president remembered a line he had used years before , something about how he would n't make age an issue in the campaign , he would n't exploit his opponent 's youth and inexperience .
on an office wall of the senate intelligence committee hangs a quote from chairman david boren , `` do n't hold your ticket 'til the show 's over . `` he once used that line in a closed-door meeting on panama , meaning do n't shrink from taking action against manuel noriega .
`` tall mulatto in the white cowboy hat said `` ' nough of this . langlois , fetch two plow lines off that wagon . `` sappho said he was running before the tall mulatto mentioned the plow lines , he just started running faster when he heard it .
< p > @ ohio art co. said it will stop distributing britains petite ltd. 's line of typewriters , sewing machines , cash registers and other toys , effective jan. 1 .
katy industries inc. said that it completed the previously announced sale of its missouri-kansas-texas railroad unit to union pacific corp. and that it plans to record a gain of about $ 81 million , or $ 12.93 a share , on the sale in the third quarter . selling the 3,000-mile system , commonly known as the katy line , will enable katy to focus on its consumer products and industrial machinery operations .
he wanted to discuss a cabinet appointment with vice president george bush , and , thinking mr. bush was nearby , asked the switchboard to get him . soon , the vice president was on the line .
a tall , blond woman pushing a baby girl in a kanga-roll stroller conceded that her timing was unusual . `` but we really know what commitment is about and we 're ready to make it , '' she said , waiting her turn in line .
as tea is served , a young girl tells of being ordered out of her family home in bulgaria and being brought to the police station . there she waited in line for more than eight hours for a passport -- only to be sent home without one .
that van gogh painting sold for 290,000 times its original value . the line was quiet .
hasbro inc. says tonka corp. ran off with its new toy . hasbro accuses tonka of misappropriating information about a `` secret '' concept for a toy line -- industry rumors are that it involves a holographic technique -- that hasbro plans to introduce in february at the big annual toy fair in new york .
companies such as gypsum marketer usg , hotel operator holiday and publisher harcourt brace jovanovich have fended off raiders by borrowing to pay big dividends . either way , the stubs stand behind a long line of bondholders if a company is dissolved ; only after debt is satisfied can stubholders stake a claim to assets or earnings .
on the other hand , we should seek to minimize , if not entirely eliminate , our military presence in the less developed countries of asia , and we should minimize alliances that commit us irrevocably to their defense , particularly in unilateral action , or run the risk of embroiling us in their civil wars . it will not always be easy to draw the line between undesirable military roles and useful ones .
< p > @ how do we , in a free society , define a government that has crossed the line between the permissible and the impermissible ?
a japanese embassy spokesman in washington said `` the supercomputer issue is a matter between two governments . this ( the fujitsu proposal ) is a matter between two companies , and a line should be drawn between the two . ''
conductor paul nadler controlled the ebb and flow of tchaikovsky 's score with an expert hand . baritone mark pedrotti delivered onegin 's haughty lines with a sneer as wide as siberia , but his singing was considerably more detailed and refined .
the proposed merger would create a giant with $ 20 billion in annual sales and some of the best known trademarks in america . the general foods unit , acquired for $ 5.7 billion three years ago , owns the maxwell house , jell-o and kool-aid lines .
instead , charles sporck , national 's president and chief executive officer , focused on the company 's huge semiconductor operations . his speech included previously undisclosed details on the size and profitability of national 's various chip lines .
but `` the bronx zoo '' sweats and strains all the same , regaling us poor understimulated viewers with oodles of lip-moistening , hip-grinding dirty talk . while harry and sara talk a good game , the action is less convincing -- perhaps because the two actors , david wilson and kathryn harrold , ca n't conceal their boredom with the stupid lines they have to recite .
a marks & spencer spokesman said the major reason is coloroll 's involvement in its own shops , apparently referring to a showcase retail outlet coloroll opened this year on london 's expensive regent street , as well as coloroll 's relations with other retailers . mr. ashcroft speculates the deciding factor may have been coloroll 's move to start its own brand lines of lighting and furniture .
the communications company also built a small call-switching room in home shopping 's building and beefed up parts of its own network to handle the additional traffic . from mci 's lines , traffic is switched to a rockwell international corp. automatic call distributor ; the system also uses unisys corp. ordering equipment .
the new division will be called the business products & systems group . earnings from xerox 's troubled office-equipment lines , which also include printers and computers , have declined in each of the first three quarters this year .
the highest-priced car , the 911 carrera 4 cabriolet convertible , will remain at $ 77,800 . the added features include driver-side and passenger-side air bags on all of the company 's car lines ; not all 1989 models had air bags .
of course , you ca n't keep an animal like that in a tiny pen all the time . he needed exercise , so we rigged up a line between two trees about 40 feet apart in the side yard .
a bucket at his side was overflowing with pollack . he hauled the line in , baited it carefully with a piece of bacon , and lobbed it back into the sea with a splash .
these are the kinds of answers that could come from children in any school in any stable , decent community , and for a moment it is possible to forget that the moral and physical blight of the ghetto is just outside . but suddenly it intrudes in a single line , tortuously written and full of misspellings , produced by a 15-year-old girl .
he is n't likely to get it . in fact , the counsel , gerald ducharme , worries that the european community 's big overhaul of merger matters , part of the ec campaign to remove internal trade barriers by 1992 , will do little more than lengthen the long line of bureaucrats ford already must negotiate with .
they were soon becalmed and were waiting for help when a fishing boat appeared . without a word the skipper threw the girls a line and began to tow them to shore .
i 'd seen it work once on a large hunting dog . with assorted children in attendance , i led the donkey to the line . then chris , who was ten , snapped the catch onto the exercise line .
the world bank and ida also approved $ 150 million in credits to india for urban development projects in the state of uttar pradesh . morocco will get a $ 125 million world bank loan to help modernize and expand telecommunications facilities , including telephone lines .
but gradually i added schoolboy stuff a tug at the forelock , digging my shoe in the carpet . three weeks into the run the laughs were gone , and george said to me just say the lines flat without those curlicues .
operating profit , excluding a sharp rise in interest expense , more than quadrupled to $ 43.6 million , mainly because of a rebound in the filmed entertainment unit , which had $ 24.5 million in pretax earnings , compared with a year-earlier operating loss of $ 49.4 million . but mca said its toy products had a pretax loss of $ 21.6 million , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 10 million , because of disappointing sales and shipment delays in the gotcha ! toy line .
several minutes went by as miss bailey held the phone . then the voice which claimed to be szemzo came back on the line .
`` every year we go to the toy fair , and we come back saying , 'it 's not getting any better . ' '' for example , although hasbro , the biggest toy maker , also markets board games and other `` gender-neutral '' items , it organizes its biggest sellers strictly along sex-role lines .
even after a chemical is absolutely confirmed to cause cancer , based on laboratory or workplace doses , there is extensive debate over the danger of smaller doses , and where or whether to draw a line between amounts worth worrying about and amounts that can more or less be safely ignored . under the typical toxics control law , government scientists and regulators have the job of deciding where to draw the line for each chemical ; and until the line is drawn , in effect , the law is not in force .
culinova fresh entrees , launched in 1986 by philip morris cos. 's general foods corp. , hit similar distribution problems . last december , shortly after philip morris bought kraft inc. , the struggling line was scrapped .
now and then ra heeled so violently that everyone gripped the stays and hung outboard as a counterweight . the duck was washed overboard on its line time after time , and in the worst of the chaos it broke a leg , which yuri later had to set .
the decisive `` no '' vote was cast by an executive who thought the novel was an adolescent fantasy , and said the author would do well to consult a therapist about his problem . the line found its way into the novel .
the company 's american heyday is long since past and in recent months it has been jolted by new setbacks . at least nine dealers have dropped its upscale audi line since the year began , and company officials fear more defections are coming .
but insiders say they believe mr. adams can step up to the challenge . in texas , he stimulated new telephone line growth by pushing advanced products such as integrated services digital network , which combine voice , data and video transmissions over one telephone line . for the third quarter , new telephone lines quadrupled , with texas responsible for about 62 % of the growth . the company added 114,866 new lines in the quarter .
so far , the technique is working . since january , southwestern bell has sold about 16,000 new lines to current business customers by introducing them to various features of integrated services digital network , such as `` inspect , '' which displays the name and telephone number of the party calling .
mr. kent believes the incident , which lasted two or three minutes , may have been connected to some sort of high-energy weapons experiment . two years ago , mr. nonella 's buckaroo found four dead cattle lying in a straight line one mile long , their chests and bellies pocked by some sort of lesions .
the company also had `` difficulties and frustrations '' meshing accounting and data-processing systems , he said . but mr. ross said that the added tire operations -- some of which filled holes in the company 's lines and some of which are new -- strengthen uniroyal 's position in replacement and original-equipment markets as well as in the private-brand segment .
i think it 's fair to say that i would like to have the luxury of being able to make a cut as to some types of persons that i would defend , and others that i would prefer not to . there are people or institutions that are legitimate , that have a real business , and who step over the line , and have to be held accountable for it .
despite such ambitious moves , mr. cawthorn acknowledges that a lot more will be needed to catapult rorer into a leadership position . ideally , he says he would like to buy a company with `` strong cash flow '' and a compatible line of prescription-drug products .
thus taken between the two vessels , u-415 began her slow march into port . 0445 maneuvering with difficulty on our one lame diesel , i aimed my ship toward the illuminated square in the bunker , where i saw a few black figures waiting on the pier . the bow bounced off the concrete head wall , but the lines , already fastened at the pillars on land , held the boat steady .
in contrast , pacific telesis has won back many private-line and centrex customers since it gained the right to reduce rates . california 's booming economy helped give pacific telesis the highest second-quarter growth in access lines among the baby bells .
the current quarter should go a long way to clarify ibm 's long-term outlook by resolving some crucial questions outside the mainframe marketplace . ibm 's year-old ps/2 personal computer line will see its first clones enter the market , beginning with some announcements next week .
for example , the rebate on ford 's midsized taurus and sable models will drop 20 % to $ 600 from $ 750 . still , ford 's midsized car rebate is $ 100 more generous than the $ 500 gm is offering on its competitive midsized oldsmobile cutlass ciera , pontiac 6000 and chevrolet celebrity lines .
many would consider the braun studios in kronberg , west germany , to be the quintessential purveyor of `` eurodesign . `` but braun is a unit of gillette co. , in boston , and the braun line contains several items that were first designed for gillette by mr. cousins , who has long been its consultant .
`` that was my fault , '' says a chastened mr. griscom . generations of white house aides confess an attachment to the disembodied voices on the other end of the telephone line -- voices that , among other small favors , give wake-up calls to staffers going on trips .
the maker of electronic communications equipment said the purchase price represents $ 8 million over the book value of the products , which are the company 's lines of scanners and marine radios . together the lines accounted for 24 % of regency 's $ 75 million in sales last year .
`` it is time for america . . . to reassert progressive values and reinvest in its people , '' it says , but only `` within a strong commitment to fiscal responsibility . `` the democrats do take a rhetorical bow to the rev . jackson 's stump-speech line about `` economic violence against poor and working people , '' but they reject his proposals to raise taxes on `` the very richest americans '' or to freeze defense spending .
< p > @ ramada inc. , adding budget motels to its current line of midpriced and high-priced lodgings , said it acquired parkmount hospitality corp. and its 160 rodeway inns in the u.s. from a unit of london-based ladbroke group plc .
`` it makes us sound inferior , '' mr. mackenzie says , `` and yet diet coke has been reformulated at least as many times as diet pepsi . `` coke says nbc has asked it to delete the controversial reformulation line from any future taste-test ads and that it will comply with that request .
but billings for that account are understood to be smaller than those originally projected for the revlon account . separately , advertising agency executives confirmed that hill , holiday , connors , cosmopulos inc. has been selected to develop advertising for revlon 's new clean & clear haircare products line .
we land at its mouth , and stop for an hour or two to examine the fall . it seems possible to let down with lines , at least a part of the way , from point to point , along the right-hand wall .
`` the kedge went down nearly a mile from the ship . men fell to on the capstan , winding in the line .
towering over the sand and scrub pine at this city 's outskirts is south florida 's tallest landform -- broward county 's last legal dump . lines of trucks snake up its sides , adding more than a thousand tons of trash daily .
if he 's looking for other ideas , there are republicans who might have some . sen. ted kennedy of all people actually stole a gop line , in atlanta , when he said democrats `` are committed to the ideal that all of us can advance together -- and none shall be left behind . `` the man who has said that for years , who calls it his `` good shepherd line , '' is jack kemp .
< p > @ chrysler corp. has started putting driver-side air bags as standard equipment in six of its car lines , making it the first big three auto maker to do so .
the farmland to be purchased is developed for citrus groves , nut trees , table grapes and a number of other products , castle & cooke said . among the products added to dole 's current line of pineapples , bananas and various vegetables , it said , would be almonds and pistachios , raisins , cherries and strawberries .
gm 's other divisions cut financing rates for 36-month and 48-month loan contracts . in addition , rebates for buick and oldsmobile models now are based on specific car lines rather than on the type and number of options ordered with the car .
time is also developing a children 's version of its highly successful sports illustrated that mr. brack said is aimed at encouraging literacy while expanding the magazine 's reach . he also said the magazine is developing a line of travel and vacation publications on such subjects as how to play golf , to be distributed by resort operators .
the tendered shares represent about 96 % of lamaur 's outstanding shares , a spokesman for the chemical producer said . the acquisition gives dow chemical a new consumer products line .
i was sound asleep . i certainly have n't been getting any calls and just now when i grabbed the phone to call you , the line was dead .
bluffs work only if they 're not called . within a few hours after the crash on the enterprise , a marine corps honor guard in dress blues appeared on the carrier deck , followed by two aluminum coffins that slowly made their way between two long lines of crew members , heads bared and bowed .
he has primarily focused the business on the side of the software market called systems utilities , which allow data-processing centers to manage their operations more efficiently . computer associates also has broadened its line of business software , which now includes spreadsheet and word-processor programs .
with the industry on the brink of sweeping change , volvo may be feeling vulnerable and ready to seek a partner to share product-development costs and make it more of an an ec insider . `` a volvo-renault combination would create a full line of auto products under one umbrella with total production of about two million units a year , or about 20 % of the european market , analysts say .
it 's sheer presumption to suppose that the organic orientation of matter is any more lively than the inorganic , it 's sheer human vanity to imagine the soul is any more immutable than a piece of rock , a pebble in a penguin 's nest . draw for me , the ice said , the line between life and not-life .
records show , for example , that three top soviet laser scientists had access to classified areas of lawrence livermore national laboratory , even though they were authorized to visit only unclassified areas , the gao said . in another case , an israeli scientist barred from classified areas gained access to the laboratory 's supercomputer through the telephone lines of a worker at whose home he was staying , the gao said .
intel corp. , which fled the computer memory-chip business in 1985 , took a tentative step toward re-entering it by agreeing to market memory chips made by micron technology inc. , one of only two u.s. concerns that still make them . santa clara , calif.-based intel -- which makes a broad line of semiconductor products -- along with most other big u.s. chip makers , quit making so-called dram , or dynamic random access memory , chips after japanese chip makers flooded the u.s. with cheap memory chips earlier in the decade .
the agency also `` picked the brains '' of several journalists who write about cars , and conducted focus groups in four different markets to explore consumer feelings about the import market , the spokesman said . nissan 's infiniti line will be another entrant in the increasingly crowded luxury-car market .
it was up to him to ease the strain or take it up , keeping the ships at a constant distance apart without allowing the towline to break under the continual jerks to which the waves subjected it . if that line should part , everything else , including the precious hoses which the booms were beginning to swing out over the gap , would be torn asunder .
other factors also aid existing companies . although the computer market is much larger than it was 10 years ago , most customers now have settled on computer lines to use in obvious applications .
to prolong shelf life of their products , some manufacturers have resorted to novel strategies . sara lee 's emmber brands is rolling out a complete refrigerated line called tonight 's choice .
said h.p . smith , an analyst with smith barney , harris upham & co. , `` the sale price is particularly disconcerting given the fact that the company had been indicating there were a large number of companies expressing interest in this business . `` gould has been trying for 17 months to sell its defense businesses , and still has its large navcom systems unit and several smaller lines to sell .
warsaw , saturday , aug. 19 the first sign of the intense western interest in this country shows up outside my plane window as we touch down here a white boeing jet marked `` united states of america '' parked among the aeroflot planes on the tarmac . inside the terminal , the first of many long lines is at the currency exchange .
the polish germans usually can say no more than `` ja '' or `` nein , '' but may have advanced degrees as teachers or engineers . both groups now face several days of waiting in line , with stops at the red cross , at social workers -- and at a cashier who hands out $ 108 in pocket money to each arrival .
in june , the naderite consumer group buyers up made a media splash by predicting tight supplies would send gasoline prices soaring by 10 cents a gallon this summer , and could lead to 1970s-style gas lines . pump prices instead have dropped seven cents a gallon since june , and even remote resort areas have n't seen any lines .
< p > @ your may 7 story on itt corp. 's potential sale to an investor of its telex line and its merger with western union stated that if the lebow group also bought the telex business of rca corp. , the resulting combination of all three telex businesses would result in mci communications corp. 's being the only remaining u.s.-based competitor in the international telex business .
as reported , mattel said sales from overseas operations , under mr. amerman 's control , rose 47 % in 1986. mr. kalinske had headed mattel 's domestic operations , which the company said suffered in 1986 because of lower demand for its masters of the universe line of toys .
retailers are already worried that last year 's high-roller , pumpkin productions ' oh lanterns line of grotesque , polyurethane pumpkin faces , is heading the same way . marc firestone , vice president of sales for firestone & associates , which sells the oh lantern line to retailers , contends that `` there is nothing wrong with selling a pumpkin in april . ''
c. olivetti & co. , the italian computer maker , is bracing for trouble following the stock-market crash , but company executives said they remain optimistic about a revival of sagging profits next year . to speed its expected comeback , europe 's second-biggest maker of personal computers yesterday introduced a line of powerful minicomputers and a new marketing strategy designed to increase its slipping share of world computer sales .
notably , before the fda 's procedures were revised by the waxman-hatch act of 1984 , the agency made the generic makers go through a battery of additional chemical and other tests to prove their drugs ' effectiveness and safety , not just bioequivalence . but congress wanted to create more price competition in many pharmaceutical lines , and therefore expedited the fda 's treatment of generic drug applications .
it was steep by american standards , maybe $ 20 per person , but unimaginably extravagant for a family earning a normal wage in rubles . as the american wife of a resident u.s. correspondent said in the passport line at moscow 's sheremetyevo airport `` this is a great place for losing weight . ''
the unit will sell air conditioners to ge and other customers under private label as well as the fedders , airtemp and climatrol brands . fedders makes a broad line of room air conditioners .
analysts estimate ibm shipped only 3,000 to 4,000 units . the postal service contract alone could produce purchases of as many as 904 ibm minicomputers -- either the various models of the 9370 line or a model of the more powerful 4300 line .
for the full year 1987 the company earned $ 16.8 million on $ 366 million in sales . during the latest six month period , the company said it had a 30 % increase in unit volume in women 's apparel and children 's wear , as well as some selected price increases in women 's jeans , sales from a new menswear line , and the opening of additional retail stores .
as an attempt to link decadent , dying weimar with l.a. pool culture it was an astonishing failure from a talented director . with the exception of the energetic marvellee cariaga as mrs. begbick and jonathan mack as jack , who gorges himself to death on raw meat , the cast delivered its lines without emotion or energy .
such a drop , in ibm 's most visible consumer market , would stand as one of ibm 's most rankling public-image setbacks . in its first family of pcs , ibm specifically used widely available parts and an `` open '' design that would let independent companies make software , accessories and even full computers that compete with the ibm line .
then pete heard ron 's voice . he pulled in his line and put his pole between the rocks where the wind could n't reach it .
at such a place , we are letting down the last boat , and , as she is set free , a wave turns her broadside down the stream , with the stem , to which the line is attached , from shore , and a little up . they haul on the line to bring the boat in , but the power of the current , striking obliquely against her , shoots her out into the middle of the river .
the transaction includes j.b.n . 's independent communications inc. unit , a fairview , kan. , provider of communications services to the defense department , the telecommunications concern said . j.b.n . telephone serves 2,500 access lines in 13 exchanges in north central kansas , contel said .
the bills are actually quite similar . both would require airlines to report far more performance data than they do now and to set up toll-free complaint lines .
john e. hulse , vice chairman and chief financial officer , predicted that network usage for the pacific bell and nevada bell units will increase about 7 % to 10 % this year . he said the number of new customer lines is expected to grow about 3 % to 5 % . in 1987 , the two telephone operations combined had $ 2.14 billion in network-usage revenue and they added about 462,000 customer lines , a 3.8 % gain .
like most buenos aires ministries , it is suffused with stale cigarette smoke . the occupants appear to be mainly bored but loquacious hangers-on , who must wait in line 20 minutes for the elevator to the top floor .
< p > @ ncr corp. unveiled two models of its tower line of midrange computers and introduced advanced networking software to allow the tower family to operate as a central hub in a network of computers .
these days , beijing emphasizes the cooperation in an effort to woo taiwan , to which the kuomintang fled after being defeated by the communists . chinese leaders , meanwhile , have sought to draw the line on harsh anti-japanese rhetoric .
< p > @ commodore international ltd. , west chester , pa. , said fiscal first-quarter net income jumped 70 % on increased sales of its amiga line of computers , but revenue edged down 1.2 % .
to communicate the `` break-the-rules '' ad series , burger king hired 10 musical acts -- including paul shaffer and the world 's most dangerous band , crooner mel torme and blues singer john lee hooker -- and let them write their own songs for radio spots . while abandoning the standardized jingle , that part of the campaign will be tied together with the line , `` sometimes you just got ta break the rules . ''
`` if i come into ( a television station ) in los angeles with a great show , they say , 'thank you very much , goodbye , ' '' says andrew heyward , a former hanna barbera writer and story editor who is now president and majority shareholder of dic enterprises . `` but if we go in and say , 'hey , we 've got a hot toy line coming out from mattel , and normally they spend $ 7 million in your market on spot advertising , ' that 's a different story . ''
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , del e. webb closed at $ 25.75 a share , down 37.5 cents . webb said the discussions , which it described as `` cordial , '' centered around the two groups ' interest in webb ; potential licensing problems the groups might encounter with webb 's nevada and new jersey gambling operations ; webb 's recent announcements that it might split up its leisure and real estate operations and possibly sell parts of the company ; and the company 's intention to take hefty writedowns this year from its gambling lines .
yet some students of history may recall that apple ran a smug ad in 1981 welcoming ibm to the pc market -- then watched as ibm 's market share quickly dwarfed apple 's . in any case , competitors seem ready to finally face reality and either take their lumps or perhaps profit from any weaknesses in the ibm line .
the firms claim ibm has granted the japanese firm concessions long denied to them . separately , ibm unveiled a line of telephone-switching devices .
revenue rose 18 % to $ 190.1 million from $ 161.6 million . ogilvy , which also has interests in public relations and other marketing lines , said its operating profit margin rose to 4.5 % from 2.9 % a year earlier .
adds john p. schaefer , an outside board member who now is chairman , no one wanted to infringe on mr. greve 's authority and discretion . `` there is a fine line , '' he says , `` between oversight and interfering in management . ''
the weston unit , which employs about 200 workers at a plant near newark , n.j. , has annual sales of about $ 12 million . ametek , a manufacturer of industrial products , said weston makes a line of display gauges that complements the instrument line ametek already supplies to the same aircraft builders .
coleco will introduce miniature dolls with magnets on their feet , which are part of a u.s. space force and use equipment with little motors to lift cargo and other items . toy buyers and analysts said extensions of several lines , such as hasbro 's rock star jem , also may be winners .
while mr. cassoni trimmed last year 's loss by 70 % from a year earlier through bookkeeping changes and some cost-cutting , revenue from outside customers dropped 4 % in a banner year for the rest of the industry . industry sources say unit sales of at & t 's personal computers fell about 16 % last year to approximately 120,000 , while sales of the 3b minicomputer line to outside customers fell about 20 % to 7,600 .
may 31 . we start down another canyon , and reach rapids made dangerous by high rocks lying in the channel ; so we run ashore , and let our boats down with lines .
conservatives suspect it is actually spending much more . people for the american way volunteers , using a dozen telephone lines at the group 's washington headquarters , this week will be urging members in alabama , arizona and pennsylvania to contact sens .
he hastily kissed the tarmac at windhoek airport and then gave his mother a quick hug . he proceeded briskly through a reception line of party officials and old friends , and he barely had time to tell the news media `` i am happy to be back home '' before one of his bodyguards tugged his elbow and said `` comrade , let 's move . ''
< p > @ vodavi technology corp. said it signed a $ 40 million , four-year contract with ctg inc. to supply an expanded line of telephone systems and other products .
my wrists and arms ached intolerably , and though i had eaten heartily of a twelve o'clock lunch , i had worked so hard that i was faint from hunger . i pulled in the oars and bent forward to the line which held the tow .
he proceeded briskly through a reception line of party officials and old friends , and he barely had time to tell the news media `` i am happy to be back home '' before one of his bodyguards tugged his elbow and said `` comrade , let 's move . `` then he was gone , disappearing in an official motorcade that rolled past a mile-long line of supporters outside the airport .
sometimes he stops to review a detail . he 's dissatisfied with a couple of deliveries , and mr. kosberg notes the lines .
< p > @ nissan motor corp. plans to announce today a separate u.s. dealer network that will market an upscale car line , dealers familiar with the project said .
modern echo sounders are so sensitive they can detect shipwrecks and schools of fish . the equipment replaces the older technique of throwing a weighted line into the sea .
compaq computer corp. reported that net income more than tripled in the second quarter on burgeoning sales of the company 's high-end products . sales climbed even after international business machines corp. unveiled a line of competing computers april 2 , a day after the period began .
chrysler corp. said it will boost production of its profitable jeep line of vehicles 20 % in 1989 , spending $ 24 million on plant improvements and adding 575 workers . sales of light trucks , including the popular jeep line of sport-utility vehicles and pickups , make up more than two-thirds of the highland park , mich. , auto maker 's pretax profit .
for cbs evening news , juan vasquez reported that `` the residents of st. croix are overjoyed to see the soldiers ( 1,100 military police dispatched by president bush ) from the mainland . `` the word `` residents '' is loaded and mr. vasquez 's wrap-up lines were also unintentionally revealing `` for . . . tourists the nightmare is ending .
they hope the new offerings will help lure busy people with more than mundane taste in food back to the supermarket . `` this is for consumers who are too tired to cook and too tired to go out -- or who have no time for either -- but still want a nice dinner , '' says richard g. powers , the business unit manager of general foods ' premium culinova line .
the move is part of a continuing strategy to focus on family apparel and other soft goods such as jewelry , cosmetics , shoes , and home accessories at its more than 1,400 stores nationwide . the discontinued lines , which still will be available in penney 's catalogs , represent about $ 550 million in total store sales for 1987 , the company said .
the distribution of applications , and the processing of the few turned in yesterday , appeared to go smoothly in most locations . the ins had braced for a crush of applicants ; in houston , for instance , when long lines began forming a day early , officials passed out applications to about 1,000 before the law actually took effect .
mr. gault said orders for both lines are `` very encouraging . `` rubbermaid is in the process of expanding its international business beyond the housewares lines that now make up the bulk of it and it is moving into new territories .
a good example is its july purchase of cessna fluid power division from general dynamics corp. the unit , with annual sales of about $ 100 million , fills out eaton 's hydraulics products line and provides an entry into europe 's hydraulics business .
in 1986 , quaker earned $ 88.1 million , including $ 58 million from discontinued operations , on sales of $ 1.08 billion . the acquisition will allow kraft to use its existing sales force and distributors for the new lines ; it may also allow certain plant consolidations .
the success of those small stores prompted big mass merchandisers to also carry more licensed sports goods . and the development of `` authentics '' -- licensed duplicates of gear used by the pros -- resulted in an upscale line of licensed products appealing to affluent baby boomers .
officials here vigorously dismiss any parallels between the reforms they opposed with force in czechoslovakia and the soviet changes now being pushed by mr. gorbachev . despite glasnost , the new official openness about controversial topics , there were few articles in the media about sunday 's anniversary , and the ones that were published repeated the old official line about `` rendering internationalist assistance '' to a grateful czechoslovak people .
`` we feel comfortable that the next time they ( united ) go to kick tires and look for airplanes to buy , we have a good , fair shot with them , '' an airbus spokesman said . the a-320 transaction by united would have given pan am badly needed cash in return for giving up its spot in line for the new planes .
trigano grasped it and tied it securely around his bundles . then he tugged twice on the line .
it 's the first time you 'll have a ( personal computer ) with workstation power . `` while compaq is improving its graphics to match advances made by ibm in its april line , sources said the compaq models wo n't mimic the most important change in the new ibm computer -- the `` microchannel , '' ibm 's term for the pathway between the parts of the computer that actually perform computations and other parts like the memory , storage , modems and printers .
kodak even launched its own blimp in japan to counter fuji 's green blimp that flies at special events in the u.s. fuji has upstaged kodak in the past , most notably in 1983 when it introduced a new line of films shortly before kodak unveiled its new film .
he was not fully in control until october , when he flew back from an imf meeting in belgrade to institute tight money . august 1979 stands as a bright line separating the era of inflation from the era of disinflation .
mr. johnson said that the company has n't any immediate plans to make an acquisition and that it has n't acquired a new company for at least 10 years . `` we 've had all that we can do to improve the lines that we 're in , '' he said .
times mirror -- which publishes the los angeles times and other newspapers -- owns only one trade publication , a st. louis-based magazine called sporting goods dealer . but the company noted that it also owns several specialized publications and has been trying to expand that line .
polaroid said that its world-wide effective tax rate rose to 51 % in the 1988 first quarter from 21 % in the year-ago period . the cambridge , mass. , company also said that it increased marketing promotions in the first quarter to reduce dealer inventories of an older-camera line in preparation for the introduction of its low-priced impulse camera .
he added that `` this year we 're going to make sure the revenue ( growth ) is real , and then let the expenses follow . `` in particular , xerox is benefiting from an aggressive , two-year program of cost-cutting in its office-equipment lines .
most of the public telephones were already tied up by correspondents . somebody was fighting with the house phone , under the impression that it was an outside line , and so brad took the elevator up to his room and put in a call to rhona 's suite .
the one lynn had hooked measured about two feet in length ; george saw that they could never get it up even if they had wanted to . `` hold the rod , `` freddy repeated grimly ; he began sawing on the line with his penknife ; the shark was twisting at the end , swinging back and forth like a pendulum .
`` one of them 's pretty . `` there was a crackle on the line that might have been his aged chuckle .
should it really be the top defense priority of a philippine president to dicker over more dollars from american allies ? or is it perhaps more important to draw a clear line against the soviet union 's increasing military presence in the pacific ?
national theme , which has found that its hottest halloween costumes are the ones it designs itself , also hopes to apply that lesson to the crystal business . next year it will add its own crystal and pewter line to the items on this year 's shelves .
`` he followed the fourth one out of sight . the last i saw he was running the line through his hand .
there was no money in poetry , however . milton , for example , earned about a farthing a line from `` paradise lost . ''
it 's one further step away from the 'wires suppliers ' image of the old radio shack . `` the agreement will give digital 's sales force a line of low-priced , ibm-compatible personal computers to sell to big customers .
thanks , anyway . `` the transatlantic line died .
they were well-supplied with blue-and-white bush-quayle signs , red-white-and-blue pompons and miniature american flags . high school cheerleaders leaped at many applause lines .
but saint laurent also is selling the charles of the ritz and alexandra de markoff brands , which are more prestigious . aside from saint laurent products , the only significant line it is retaining is one called gianni versace .
the french also offer something not available in the u.s. -- the pink minitel , which allows customers to send dirty messages to one another through video terminals , called minitels , that are attached to millions of french phones . as in the u.s. , the gab lines have been a big money-maker .
speaking from the chicago offices of centel 's lawyers , mr. frazee said his company adopted a shareholder rights plan last august that basically gives the company time to consider takeover proposals and also protects against two-tiered offers . borrowing a line from corporate raiders , mr. frazee said `` our goal is to increase shareholder value , and we believe we have an outstanding record in that regard . ''
`` sex sells , '' he says . the public firestorm has made him a little hesitant about launching expensive new x-rated lines .
`` first of all , i ca n't stand movies with titles i ca n't pronounce , '' says one . he shows us actors trained in shakespeare stumbling over such tryout lines as `` i ai n't be got no weapon . ''
joan rivers provides the voice of a robot lady-in-waiting . her lines are disappointingly dull but there 's great pleasure in hearing that voice come out of a shapely , skinny body that looks as though it 's been dipped in gold lame from head to toe .
the result of this bureaucratic obstacle course new foreign investment , excluding companies already established in the philippines , reached a meager $ 712,000 in the first quarter of this year . many businessmen claim it is more difficult to transact business now than under mr. marcos , when a direct line to the palace , however costly , usually assured an investor of official cooperation .
nissan executives will unveil their spending plans for the 1990 model year at a car dealers show later this month . however , it 's clear nissan is using magazines heavily , as well as tv , to introduce its new infiniti line of luxury cars .
the high court let stand the federal reserve board 's approval for a bank holding company , a subsidiary of national westminster bank plc , britain 's largest commercial bank , to operate a brokerage subsidiary that trades securities and offers investment advice . the fed 's approval was another in a series of regulatory steps that have blurred the line between the banking and securities industries .
and japan 's big dai-ichi kangyo bank recently agreed to invest as much as $ 100 million into a clayton & dubilier buy-out fund . martin h. dubilier , chairman and chief executive officer , said he values the new subsidiary and its big a line of auto parts because of its wide distribution network .
the hospital director is taken away by the secret police . the novel ends with a vivid taxi ride to the american embassy in tehran , surrounded by angry crowds who will overrun it and take hostages in just a few months , and with a final burst of imperialist frenzy on line at the caviar shop in the tehran airport minutes before the jets take off for geneva , los angeles and new york .
earlier that same morning mahler had been awakened by the inexorable telephone . landowski was on the line .
< p > @ percentage figures were slightly off in one line of a table accompanying warren brookes 's article on yesterday 's editorial page .
indeed , while cray 's spokesman would n't say whether such discussions are under way , he noted that between 40 % and 50 % of cray 's supercomputers are connected with international business machines corp. computers , `` so it makes an awful lot of sense for us to do everything we can to improve the performance of that connection . `` between 10 % and 20 % of cray machines world-wide are linked with digital 's vax line , cray 's spokesman estimated , with the rest receiving data from computers made by minneapolis-based control data corp .
the young michael dukakis was inspired by the party of jack , but built his career in the party of teddy . and this year he has borrowed some of mr. sorensen 's lines , but more of mr. shrum 's message .
it 's a bizarre idea `` leave it to beaver '' with a new cast ( say tom selleck and suzanne somers as ward and june , and emmanuel lewis as the beaver ) . think of `` gilligan 's island '' as america 's `` macbeth , '' a show you 'd want to see again and again , with different thespians giving their own personal interpretations of immortal lines like `` gee , skipper . ''
-- - in regard to questions concerning the changed line in markham 's poem my source was `` the britannica library of great american writing , '' edited by louis untermeyer .
one of at & t 's most successful internal ventures is conversant systems . the columbus , ohio , unit has developed and is selling a line of machines costing between $ 20,000 and $ 80,000 that understand simple commands spoken into a telephone .
he said that teradyne 's problem began when intel corp. selected semiconductor testers from rival ltx corp. , westwood , mass. , for its highly successful new microprocessors . motorola corp. is believed to be deciding between ltx and teradyne testers for its microprocessor line .
this latest `` jaws , '' the fourth in the series , is doing good business , though the audience i saw it with did n't seem very scared , or very involved in any way at all . no one gasped when the shark ( was it always so obviously fake ? ) chomped human snacks , nor did anyone boo or hiss at the silly lines and generally awful performances .
`` out on long island , there are people who are hooked on drive-throughs . they 'd rather be in a line of 10 to 15 cars than park and get out , '' said a spokesman for chemical bank , a unit of chemical banking corp .
< p > @ stuart hall co. expects fiscal third-quarter net income to decline sharply because of competitive pricing of its school products line , said charles g. hanson , chairman and chief executive officer .
but the once-ubiquitous preppy emblem is slowly reappearing in stores that shunned the sportswear brand after sales plummeted in 1984 and they got stuck with bloated inventories . `` a lot of exclusive department stores dropped most of the izod line when it became overexposed and the quality slipped , '' says marvin lord , president of the youthwear division at crystal brands inc. , the marketer of izod lacoste apparel .
ford 's sales jumped 14.1 % in mid-june . a number of its car lines , including the crown victoria and taurus , posted gains .
the pc1 , which will arrive on the italian market this month , has a base price of one million lire ( $ 750 ) . its operating program makes it compatible with models made by international business machines corp. and other main computer lines .
when mr. arnault began investing in moet vuitton , there were rumors he would seek direct control of dior perfumes . mr. arnault has said he is interested in moet vuitton itself , not just the perfume line .
< p > @ wang laboratories inc. introduced three minicomputers to fill a gap in the middle of its computer line .
in its five-year effort , hershey has learned that transforming a traditional dish like pasta is n't easy . the company 's experiences in developing its perfection line illustrate the difficulties inherent in creating a new food item .
not until he got to emerson college , where he majored in directing , did he learn to speak fluently . as he recalls his college days , he interrupts himself to rattle off the first six lines of moliere 's `` the misanthrope . ''
mr. nakasone , meanwhile , retains the power of considerable public popularity and control over a sizable faction within the ldp . his goal is to continue to exert that power and to keep a line open for a repeat session as prime minister in a few years .
for what one practitioner has termed `` therapy virgins , `` however members with no previous experience of group therapy the marathon is not without its dangers . ordinary neurotics well within the borders of any definition of sanity often undergo in their daily lives states that verge on the psychotic ; a marathon may push these persons over the line into an actual psychosis .
he has , after all , been writing familiar essays for a long time , and he has his moves down pat . perfect titles ( `` they said you was high-class '' ) and perfect opening lines ( `` how do things stand with you and the seven deadly sins ? '' ) are standard equipment .
i add my own non-expert suggestion keep your eyes on the kite . the line may break ( mine has ) .
`` why should guinness shareholders finish up carrying the costs , when it 's the distillers shareholders who will benefit '' from the acquisition ? mr. seelig `` perfectly straddled the fine line between being fainthearted and cutting too many corners , '' a corporate-finance director at a rival merchant bank said earlier this year .
< p > @ data general corp. introduced a line of personal computers and workstations compatible with international business machines corp. 's pc-at computers .
in those categories it will offer a range of goods , from its traditional bargain-basement fare to items with higher quality and fashion , and higher prices as well . the new thrust first became evident two years ago , when k mart hired former `` charlie 's angels '' star jaclyn smith to endorse a new line of women 's wear designed to shed the `` polyester palace '' image of k mart apparel . in its first year , the jaclyn smith line reaped $ 100 million of sales -- without reducing sales of k mart 's other women 's clothes .
yet rivals amdahl and national semiconductor are expected to boost shipments of ibm-compatible mainframes to a combined 500 machines from only 100 last year , cutting into ibm 's sales of the multimillion-dollar systems . and ibm 's new and much-ballyhooed line of midrange systems , where it has been hurting most , wo n't be shipped in big quantities until the second half .
similarly , at & t blames the breakup of the bell system for lack of certain services that use a separate signaling network within the nation 's phone system . this network is used within at & t 's long-distance lines to send the phone number separately from the call itself , enabling at & t to keep from sending calls to places where lines are busy .
it was true that there were no spikes in papyrus boats . instead , a block of wood was made fast with rope on top of the reed bundles , and the mast was stepped into it and secured with lines .
`` the growth is less rapid than expected , '' an intel spokeswoman said . also contributing to the outlook , she said , were start-up costs associated with a line of computers that intel plans to start shipping in the current quarter and costs of preparing for mass shipments of the company 's new 80486 chip in the fourth quarter .
< p > @ weight watchers international inc. accused stouffer corp. of unfairly tipping the scales in favor of stouffer 's lean cuisine food line in advertisements .
though fiorucci makes mainly clothes , it has designed such things as wall clocks and tableware . at the company 's milan headquarters , the team of 16 designers is working on a line that includes durable and expensive-looking leather jackets as well as chunky sweaters and more blue jeans .
according to a new study by michael cunningham , a university of louisville psychologist , the magic formula is a simple `` hi , '' followed by something equally innocuous , such as `` what do you think of the band ? `` although few men realize it , calculatedly clever come-ons turn most women off , prof. cunningham says . ( he notes that when it comes to women pursuing men , however , just about any opening line will do-except , perhaps , `` you remind me of someone i used to date . '' )
at & t and sun signed a technology-sharing agreement last fall calling for at & t to license mountain view , calif.-based sun 's design for a new microprocessor chip and for sun to assist at & t in devising a standardized version of its unix operating system . separately , unisys confirmed it plans to announce tuesday a long-awaited mid-range computer to bolster one of its aging lines .
chairman zane e. barnes said southwestern bell 's `` businesses are healthy and are continuing to grow . `` the company reported a 3.1 % increase in the number of access lines in service , and also said its southwestern bell mobile systems unit added 30,000 new customers , with a current total of about 333,000 .
after months of hesitation , the european personal computer industry is gearing up to clone international business machines corp. 's struggling new line of personal computers . starting this week with the announcement by britain 's apricot computer plc , most of europe 's major personal-computer makers are expected to unveil plans to sell machines compatible with ibm 's personal system/2 line .
ibm introduced its ps/2 line last april , partially in a bid to regain market share lost to lower-cost clones . ibm freely allowed other makers to copy the models in its pc line , started in 1981 , to help establish its design in the face of competition from apple computer inc. but inexpensive copies ate into ibm 's sales , and with the ps/2 line ibm indicated it would guard its inventions more closely .
`` welcome to the only x-rated party line in town ! `` blares a tape that callers hear on one line before the gabbing begins . `` for a steamy sexual encounter you 'll never forget , call . . . ! `` another gab line calls itself `` the hot centerfold line '' and refers callers to another number where they can `` teach an inexperienced lady about the birds and the bees ! ''
if a product triggers a flood of calls , she can soften her presentation or spread it out a few more minutes . `` we 've even had situations where we 've told the audience , 'do n't call now because the lines will be busy for a while , ' `` says jerry troupe , executive assistant to home shopping network inc. 's chairman , roy speer .
by ignoring the democratic means that is perhaps the most basic tenet of liberalism , these new liberals in fact abandoned their earlier faith . not surprisingly , conservatives welcomed this change of heart , as well as the program of social order and economic development , thus blurring the lines between the two historic rivals .
one bush , with its brown stem laved in the middle current , shook with a perpetual silent laughter , as if to mock at any fly that gods or men might cast one inch beyond its outermost leaf . for the duration of a cigarette i sit on a rock midstream and watch my trout rise under his guardian bush , while my rod and line hang drying on the alders of the sunny bank .
the bridgestone deal `` might have been more attractive , '' mr. millis said , if firestone had a proposed acquisition in sight for its cash from the joint venture rather than the prospect of a significant reduction in operations . nonetheless , mr. millis applauded the move over an outright sale of the tire assets because the present arrangement ensures that firestone 's retail stores will continue to be supplied with firestone-brand tires and that firestone 's network of about 3,500 independent dealers also could have a broader line of tires .
quarterly sales grew in flight systems , which includes sikorsky helicopters , and defense electronics and aircraft products lines ; building systems , primarily otis elevators and carrier air-conditioning systems ; and industrial products , such as automotive products , essex wire and cable , and control systems . sales slipped less than 1 % , however , in the segment that includes the pratt & whitney engine lines .
in less than a minute i had a list of 33 books that met those criteria ; in less than two minutes i had a six-page printout to take with me to the new hanover county library , which , incidentally , last month replaced its microfilm card catalog with computers and cd-rom disks . of course , the bowker system is designed primarily for commercial accounts , not for indolent researchers like myself , and as such it has options to allow bookstores and libraries to place orders electronically over the telephone line with major book wholesalers .
`` they ca n't , '' he says flatly . after decades of scrimping on new equipment , british telecom is stuck with a tired , antique phone system that is expensive to maintain and prone to crossed lines .
in the year-earlier quarter , the oil and gas concern had net income of $ 22.1 million , or 45 cents a share , on sales of $ 718.9 million . kerr-mcgee said all its lines were profitable in the 1987 quarter except for its contract drilling and uranium operations , which incurred `` small losses . ''
cementing a party structure that was established only with western pressure as a channel for arms , and with it cementing fringe politics , `` could make afghanistan look like lebanon , '' says mohammad naim farahi , a tribal leader from farah province . a better solution , say most afghans , is a `` loya jirga , '' or traditional afghan congress made up of district representatives , chiefly along tribal or ethnic lines .
kite battles are fought daily from roofs and fields in asia . the combatants glaze their kite lines with a mixture of paste and ground glass , then take their positions with highly maneuverable kites .
one of nasdaq 's technological innovations -- its trans-pacific link with singapore -- went on the blink , and some traders half-jokingly groused that volume might have been slightly stronger otherwise . nasdaq said the link with sesdaq ( stock exchange of singapore dealing and automated quotations system ) was suspended yesterday morning because of line problems in the u.s. introduced in march , the link allows nasdaq and sesdaq to exchange quotes on about 35 nasdaq securities traded in both markets .
monarch avalon inc. expects fiscal 1987 earnings to match last year 's $ 154,000 , or eight cents a share , a. eric dott , president , said . mr. dott cited strong fourth-quarter sales from several new board games and a new line of toys .
`` now that 's panic time , for tv 's cardinal rule is the programs must end on time ! i punched a button opening my line to joe behar , the director in colorado `` joe , we 've got to stretch .
and managers are on the lookout for niche markets . an example cluett is talking about developing for the first time a line of shirts to be sold only in california and florida .
the men stretch their feet and pay attention to correct arm positions . the women hold their shoulders at a graceful angle , maintain a clean , unbroken line and use their eyes as an adjunct to expressiveness of movement .
competition for counter space at department stores is intense . neiman-marcus , the 22-store specialty retailer , says that it customarily drops a `` half a dozen '' slow-moving cosmetic or fragrance lines each year .
that 's because not all of those switchboards keep track of whether calls are routed long distance , so it would be difficult to add access charges to such calls . he said the agency would look at ways to monitor such calls and may propose a flat-rate fee for some private lines . the fcc currently makes companies pay $ 25 a month for certain local lines that connect to big companies ' switchboards , but it feels that the revenue raised from those charges is inadequate .
`` all right , you red lobsters , avast there , `` he bellowed . `` throw your captain a line and help haul me aboard .
he hurried into the bedroom , putting the gun back in its secret hiding place and snatching up shoes , socks , shirt , and slacks . back in the kitchen he took the wall phone and dialed the emergency room at the hospital on a direct line .
the company also is introducing a new product , a mixture of fruit liqueurs and brandy . in a bid to distinguish its brands , the christian brothers has taken its name off its generic table wines , renaming the line `` mont la salle , '' and has reserved the christian brothers name for its top-of-the-line vintage wines , which are being pushed .
residences average $ 15 a month in long-distance charges , according to jack grubman of painewebber inc. the subscriber line charge is scheduled to increase 30 cents in april for residences and small businesses .
the immigration and naturalization service had estimated two million persons would apply and that as many as 3.9 million were eligible . in houston , lines of families wrapped around the shopping mall that houses the legalization center .
but the compaq and ibm machines respond more to the needs of business than of home users . the ibm line , for instance , is designed to make it easier to link personal computers with each other and with a mainframe -- hardly an issue in the home .
`` yes , ma'am . i intend to , `` he said , almost insolently , backing toward the beds and uncoiling the line . ``
as previously reported , the palo alto-based company , once known as coopervision inc. , last year unsuccessfully sought to be acquired . the company has sold its ophthalmic pharmaceuticals lines and current operations include medical diagnostics and ophthalmalogic surgical equipment and lenses .
occasionally , the language seems formulaic after computers confirm a rocket 's `` incredibly precise '' trajectories , an air force general enters his `` highly secure '' office . moments later the secretary of defense speaks on a telephone line available only to `` very senior administration officials . ''
but it had reduced alcoholism hardly at all while spawning extensive moonshining and black-marketeering . it resulted in sugar hoarding for private production and long lines for limited quantities of vodka .
he 's got the word . we 're keeping an open line to his office .
< p > @ the sign in the airport cafeteria reads `` it is not rude to move ahead of someone if there is a space in the line . ''
`` you 're competing with equipment that 's available . . . in tandy 's line from $ 599 up , and we discount , '' said ed juge , director of market planning at tandy . separately , dealers said ibm has begun offering additional discounts on its new line of personal computers and has begun paying freight charges .
mr. stein estimated that during the company 's next fiscal year , its toy business will account for 75 % to 80 % of sales , school accessories 5 % to 10 % and consumer electronics 10 % to 20 % . among the new products in the school-accessories segment is a line called class act .
they can also choose from a variety of tapes by pushing a number on the phone . ( `` press 1 for the sexiest love kittens in new york . . . . for the pain and humiliation you deserve , you got ta push 6. . . . '' ) or callers can choose a one-on-one line like the c-line , which recently ended its run in houston amid growing public pressure .
avon has n't changed its plans to expand but does n't see any immediate candidates of arden 's size , he said . early this year , beecham group plc sold diane von furstenberg fragrances to revlon group inc. american cyanamid co. sold the jacqueline cochran fragrance and treatment lines , including the distribution rights to the nina ricci line , to sanofi inc. squibb corp. sold charles of the ritz group ltd. last november to yves saint laurent , which in turn sold parts to revlon months later .
last fall , before most of its experienced players ran out of eligibility , it won three major competitions in a row , losing finally to texas a & m in november at the super bowl of meat judging , the international , held in ibp inc. 's meat cooler at dakota city , neb . that got illinois some good press in trade publications like meat plant magazine and drovers journal , but nary a line in the daily illini , the school newspaper .
but as sure-footed as this production 's dramatic scenes are , its choral passages are lame . which is not to say that the 12 elders in the chorus ca n't project their lines .
he said the toy company 's `` prospects for a strong fourth quarter '' are also good . mattel attributed the jump in quarter net to strong world-wide sales of its barbie doll , hot wheels cars , disney toys and other well-known toy lines .
general motors corp. 's saturn corp. subsidiary is expected tomorrow to announce details of a sales network composed of far fewer dealers than the auto maker 's other car lines . a gm source said saturn initially expects to appoint only about 100 dealers in major u.s. markets , compared with several thousand dealers at each of gm 's five other car lines .
the electrolux appliances , imported from europe and the u.s. , will begin appearing at sharp outlets in october . `` it will be a fairly complete line of our most upscale products , '' mr. johansson explained .
many schools and companies make such purchases easier these days by selling new machines to students or employees and passing along volume discounts of 25 % to 45 % that they get from the manufacturer . in addition , some companies that bought pcs and pc xts a few years ago and are now replacing them will sell the machines -- the low end of ibm 's original line of personal computers -- to employees for a song .
mr. kully says western could raise its net by 25 % annually for the next three years by boosting operating profit only 9 % a year , `` simply because interest will go down and goodwill amortization will go down . `` but he doubts the company can grow much faster than that , citing its need for more discipline and focus in its `` helter-skelter '' product development line .
the company 's new lines of high-fiber , low-cholesterol muffins , which were introduced last summer , `` look good , '' said mr. bryan . the muffins are among several lines of new products the company is testing that fit its expansion into products that are `` convenient and perceived as being good for you , '' mr. bryan said . for example , sara lee plans to offer a new line of french bread this spring or summer , he said .
terms were n't disclosed . alfin stopped selling its skin-care lines last month and said it would take a pretax write-off of $ 15 million for its fourth quarter ended july 31 , in addition to a third-quarter $ 4.6 million reserve , to cover costs of leaving the business .
by contrast , travelers to asia encounter most of their problems on the ground . at tokyo 's narita airport , industry officials say , it can take an hour and a half to park and get through the airport 's customs and immigration lines ; they cite an expected 16 % increase in the traffic this summer .
the agreement is subject to regulatory and financing approvals . executone , based in norcross , ga. , markets and services a line of business telephone systems .
c. olivetti & co. of italy , plus others he declined to identify . if a pact is reached , siemens and olivetti would either license or buy from ibm the crucial parts of ibm 's ps/2 line of computers and incorporate them into siemens and olivetti computers .
to be sure , a few companies are trying to use the olympics to make the transition from a subcontractor to an internationally known brand . kukje corp. shifted from producing nike shoes to developing its own pro-specs line of athletic shoes five years ago .
`` you still have to convince homeowners that this ( dymetrol ) performs better than springs , '' mr. bost says . industry experts also say that sears , which of late has been stressing its `` everyday low prices , '' may be hindered in its ability to sell its line , which it has positioned as more fashionable and more expensive than the typical furniture it sells .
mr. blumenthal said initial results have been encouraging for products designed to win new customers . the a1 , the low end of a strategic line of midrange computers , sold faster than unisys could produce them in the fourth quarter , he said .
but constitutional items should have a longer life , since the celebration runs through 1991 . `` we think it has a lot of staying power , '' says tom elsbernd of allen co. , blanchester , ohio , which offers a line of commemorative glassware .
on june 30 , however , the day compaq 's projection for the second quarter was made public , the shares jumped $ 3.375 to close at $ 46.875 a share . the results also strongly defied nay-sayers who said that compaq might face a big slowdown in sales after ibm 's new line of computers was introduced .
renault lacks an up-market label and an international presence . volvo lacks a full line of auto products and a significant presence in the ec .
moreover , the sheet and towel business is considered fairly recession-proof and provides high profit margins . in keeping the sheet and towel business , mr. farley would inherit west point 's martex and lady pepperell brand names as well as the utica and tastemaker lines that originally were developed by stevens .
the companies involved declined to disclose prices on the transactions , which have been rumored for some time . revlon 's purchase includes the charles of the ritz and alexandra de markoff cosmetics lines , sold in department stores ; mass-market lines as such as jean nate and enjoli , and dynasty fragrances .
`` hello . `` but by now the line was dead .
ms. thernstrom questions the wisdom of such results `` are minorities sometimes better off with fewer seats but more diffused influence -- a smaller number of blacks in office , but a greater number of representatives who owe their election to black constituents ? `` the reshaping of a substantial number of political districts along racial lines has gone virtually unnoticed by congress and the media .
russians inching toward the checkout counter marvel at the genius of one-stop shopping . `` you just pick things out yourself , '' says a woman in the express line with a block of goat cheese .
`` got one ! got one ! `` he cried , reeling in his line .
`` oh , what a tangled web we weave , when first we practice to deceive , '' recited assistant u.s. attorney sheldon light , citing sir walter 's 19th-century poem `` marmion . `` moving ahead 100 years , he closed with mr. dylan 's immortal line , `` you do n't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows . ''
the products on display here have convinced participants that the industry will maintain this year 's 30 % to 35 % growth rate for at least a few months even if the rest of the economy falters . various products have supplied some of the missing pieces for international business machines corp. 's new line of personal computers .
perhaps the most blatant sign that the insurgency has become the opiate of the clergy is that on the regional cease-fire committees during peace talks earlier this year five of the 20 national democratic front 's slots were filled by priests . for their part the marxists have worked hard to fudge the line between out-and-out communists and well-intentioned democratic social activists in united front fashion a la nicaragua , another poor catholic country that threw off a corrupt dictatorship .
but digital also has come up with techniques of its own . decworld came about because of concerns that salespeople did n't know how extensive the company 's computer line was .
royce laboratories , likewise is n't profitable . the company says , however , that it is awaiting approval from the fda to manufacture and sell 12 generic prescription drugs and it intends to expand its line of over-the-counter drug products to increase revenue .
gm may allow inventories to remain high as leverage against a possible strike by the united auto workers union during contract talks that start in july . still , the excess of 1987 models crowding dealer lots could hinder gm 's efforts to introduce its 1988-model line this fall , which is why many analysts expect more financing incentives or bigger production cuts .
< p > @ international business machines corp. said it upgraded its line of system/88 computers .
inside a dark tent , kayitan kavas , a county commissioner , shouts into a telephone for more help . on the other end of the line , a voice promises 8,400 more blankets .
on the shore of this little eddy there is about two feet of gravel beach above the water . standing on this beach , some of the men take the line of the little boat and let it drift down against another projecting angle . here is a little shelf , on which a man from my boat climbs , and a shorter line is passed to him , and he fastens the boat to the side of the cliff . then the second one is let down , bringing the line of the third .
he said he also hopes to develop an area the company has just begun , home furnishings such as wallpaper . sources say balmain had sales last year of about 100 million french francs ( $ 15 million ) in its clothing lines , and , unlike many fashion concerns , high fashion is one of its biggest revenue earners , after license income .
both full stop . fasten all lines .
sears became the top retailer by catering to young families with a phalanx of new suburban stores and sturdy , no-nonsense merchandise . the range of acceptable tastes in the late 1950s was so narrow , in fact , that hart schaffner & marx prospered in men 's tailored clothing despite offering only three styles of suits in its best lines .
the weapon would be launched from anti-submarine helicopters and planes as well as from surface vessels . development of the mark-50 began in 1983 , as the navy recognized it would need a sophisticated successor to its current submarine-seeking torpedo line .
not surprisingly , the market 's strong sales are attracting big food processors . carnation co. , for example , is racing to build a national presence with its contadina fresh pasta & cheese line .
ibm declined to confirm or deny that mr. gerstner was being transferred . it has consistently said , however , that it is pleased with the progress of the ps/2 line of personal computers .
the amount of stock involved was n't disclosed . colgate plans to buy minnetonka 's softsoap brand liquid soap , village bath adult bath products , sesame street children 's bath products and institutional-commercial lines of liquid soaps .
when fully operational , the guadalajara factory will employ about 1,500 workers and have annual operating expenses of $ 5 million to $ 6 million . an at & t representative said that the guadalajara factory will make a full line of answering machines .
< p > @ beatrice cos. said it filed with the securities and exchange commission for an initial public offering for its remaining non-food businesses and some of its smaller specialty-food lines .
< p > @ earnings for chicago-based ameritech soared , aided primarily by strong growth in telephone and cellular lines and a one-time gain from the sale of canadian cellular operations .
she would send philippe a telegram . help could not be had by talking into a dead line , but no one in his family would leave a telegram unread .
just this month , the family that runs martell & cie. agreed to sell control of the cognac company to seagram co. of canada . although industry analysts say a recession would hurt lesser-known brands and expensive items such as cars , furs and jewelry , most french luxury-goods companies do n't expect demand for their most prestigious lines to be affected .
mr. weld outlined to the senators , in essence , the indictment he would have brought against mr. meese , had he been the independent counsel . mr. weld said he resigned because `` i simply felt that , in trying to do favors for his friend , mr. meese was drawn in over his head , and over the line of what the law allows . ''
the chamber was off the bottom . waves were now running some five feet , so the men hauling in on the line went with the motion of falcon , letting out a little whenever she rose , pulling in as she dipped .
now congress , it seems , is closing the windows , pulling the shades , and barring the door , lest the public see the light . sometime , somewhere , the president needs to draw the line .
however , let it be understood that no one should dive without some type of personal float , such as an inflatable vest , in addition to a surface float . a good automobile inner tube with attached line makes a very effective and practical surface float for resting .
in each year since 1961 , he has turned out drawings for about 600 women 's outfits , displayed in four separate collections . unlike most high-fashion houses here , yves saint laurent s.a. makes money on selling the fancy , expensive clothes mr. saint laurent designs , as well as the more-accessible ready-to-wear lines .
on certain days the waves were n't big enough to make much difference , but at other times they were mountainous , and he would arrive home soaked to the skin and aching in every muscle . but he loved it , and he never got over the thrill of feeling the sudden tug when a fish hit his line .
`` we do n't mind raising fees if there is value added , but i do n't see it in the new audit proposals. '' mr . sullivan recognizes that the board `` must tread a fine line between the urgings of congress and the concerns of business . ''
< p > @ chrysler corp. said it will boost production of its profitable jeep line of vehicles 20 % in 1989 , spending $ 24 million on plant improvements and adding 575 workers .
but with the luxury market soft and consumer confidence about making car purchases waning , that may not be enough to establish a strong presence . the line also faces the challenge of forging an identity -- one distinct not only from lexus 's rivals but also from toyota itself .
his willingness to try different approaches has proved both a strength and weakness for unocal . while mr. hartley 's interest in underground steam formations put the company into a profitable line , his unshakable belief that synthetic oil extraction from shale would one day prove a moneymaker has led the company to write off hundreds of millions of dollars and to operate a plant that is producing well below its designed capacity .
the races mingle in department stores and at downtown restaurants , where city employees all eat between noon and one . but beneath the cordiality is a schism , largely along racial lines .
the restructuring should be complete in the next few weeks , he said , and could involve more layoffs . in addition to concentrating on a few profitable lines , mcdonnell douglas , an aircraft , aerospace and computer company based in st. louis , has been narrowing losses at the information systems group through cost reductions .
an exquisite little painting by jean-jacques hauer shows another french lady friend of wordsworth who did not madame rolland sits in her drawing room with her harp , pet dog and lafayette . plucky to the last , she managed a much-quoted line before tied down to the plank `` ah , liberty !
foreign trade played a very small role in the u.s. economy . stories about u.s. exports in this newspaper would carry an apologetic line explaining that the subject really was worth discussing even though exports accounted for only about 4 % of the gross national product .
`` over here is the gay party line , '' steve craig , megaquest 's office manager in new york , says , pointing to one bank of monitors . `` this is the actress and model line in here . ''
sales for continuing operations for the fiscal year grew about 8 % to $ 210 million from $ 194.9 million in fiscal 1986. earlier in the current fiscal year , ipco sold its sterling dental business and its dental prosthetics line , which had combined annual sales of about $ 20 million .
nor is ms. richards alone . recall that walter mondale and speech writers , without batting an eye , filched and offered as mr. mondale 's own a line from a speech given by lane kirkland only a day earlier i.e. , `` where 's the beef ? `` ( flashing epigrams have changed some since stevenson 's time , you 'll note . )
those stakes , ibm said yesterday , have been sold back to the companies ' shareholders ; ibm would n't elaborate . ibm said it formed the instruments unit in 1980 as a way to sell computers to analytical laboratories , but later found computer sales fared well without having to sell the instruments line .
they haul on the line to bring the boat in , but the power of the current , striking obliquely against her , shoots her out into the middle of the river . the men have their hands burned with the friction of the passing line ; the boat breaks away , and speeds , with great velocity , down the stream .
real lawyers do not enjoy pseudo-courtroom thrillers like `` jagged edge . `` they endure such drivel by finding fault with every line of courtroom dialogue , objecting through their popcorn .
but news of the trade had fans flooding the phone circuits at the kings box office here , hungry for season tickets . meanwhile in edmonton , the lines were jammed with disgruntled fans steaming over the defection of their star player .
that business is far and away the company 's fastest-growing and most profitable segment . the information line , which includes everything from reference books such as who 's who to trade guides for lawyers and health-care professionals , has grown to $ 229 million in sales in 1987 from $ 146 million in 1985 .
revlon is selling the two vision-care businesses for more than twice their annual sales ; such businesses typically fetch the equivalent of 1.5 times annual sales , according to ms. hall of smith barney . the sale of the vision-care lines will leave revlon focused on its cosmetics business , which analysts expect to have 1987 sales of about $ 1.7 billion , compared with $ 1.15 billion last year .
`` well , we 're not talking about the hell 's angels here , '' fumes mr. ince , who notes that his clients include an engineer and a banker . in the lawsuit , mr. ince says his clients had n't actually cut into line but had stepped out of line for a moment -- with the permission of those around them .
with his eyes darting and intelligent , adm. poindexter had a professorial demeanor and a wonderful prop , his pipe . he had some good lines too , including the climactic words the whole plot had been building toward `` the buck stops here , with me . ''
at $ 165 an ounce , `` clearly ( giorgio ) reaches a very carriage trade business . `` he said avon will keep giorgio and its traditional business separate and that avon representatives wo n't sell the giorgio line .
< p > @ whirlpool corp. said it formed a joint venture with sundaram-clayton ltd. of madras , india , to make a full line of major household appliances .
< p > @ international business machines corp. said it has shipped nearly two million units of its personal system/2 line of personal computers , as it passed the first anniversary of the product 's introduction .
international business machines corp. said it revamped its wheelwriter line of typewriters , with the addition of five new machine models and the modification of three others . ibm said the new machines , which are made in lexington , ky. , replace and expand existing lines .
wind-whipped fires raced through the sierra nevada foothills , charring nearly 30,000 acres , destroying about a dozen homes and prompting about 4,500 people to evacuate . in wyoming , firefighters took advantage of damp weather to strengthen lines around blazes that have burned nearly one million acres in yellowstone national park .
< p > @ digital equipment corp. introduced three midrange computers in its vax line , indicating that the company is moving to limit possible inroads by international business machines corp .
alvin jerked up the phone and shouted `` hello ! `` the line was dead .
kuktoy had lived on the island all of his life and had weathered more trials than i 'd ever heard about . as a young man , kuktoy had three of his fingers ripped out of their sockets by getting them fouled in a rawhide harpoon line and had doctored them himself .
`` for all the talk about gray areas , my clients can sense what 's all right and what is n't , '' he says . `` they do n't call me and say 'where 's the line , so i can stay just barely on the safe side of it . ' ''
the latest results , which exceeded analysts ' earnings estimates of about 81 cents a share , indicate that compaq 's computers sold well even as competition from international business machines corp. heated up . ibm introduced a new line of computers april 2 , but many of the models were n't available in large quantities until later in the summer .
indeed , his strategy seems to be not to say very much at all about foreign policy . his `` well-received '' atlantic council speech in june was little more than a routine defense of nato , while his acceptance speech in atlanta devoted all of seven sentences to u.s. security . ( his boldest line -- that drugs are more of a threat than the sandinistas -- was a rewrite of jesse jackson . )
unilever had already carefully studied chesebrough as one of several possible acquisition targets in the u.s. , mr. angus said . the company wanted richardson-vicks partly for its oil of olay line of skin products .
the new law could , of course , provide work for the homeless , who are the ones most skilled at this task . but how long will the lines be at the conservation center ?
foolishness . doc must have taken percussie 's line .
part of geo 's problem has been that its product offerings are as muddled as a hockey team in the middle of a flying line change . all chevy dealers selling the line had the metro minicar , but they did n't begin receiving the restyled geo prizm , previously the chevrolet nova , until earlier this year .
< p > @ in what it describes as a major introduction , nestle s.a. 's stouffer foods corp. is rolling out a new line of low-cholesterol , low-fat , and low-sodium entrees called right course .
`` who knew the market would go up so far , so fast , this early in the year ? `` says greg confair , the president of sigma financial inc. , an allentown , pa. , investment adviser . `` it 's proof of the old line that the market will always act in a way to frustrate the greatest number of people . ''
merrill executives familiar with the telecommunications operations offer a different view . they said the company currently uses a combination of dedicated private lines and public lines to transmit voice , data and video signals . the use of the lines is coordinated by an internal technical staff and managers .
kraft inc. said it completed the previously reported acquisition of the anderson clayton foods division from quaker oats co. for $ 235 million . the glenview , ill.-based food concern said the unit , which includes the chiffon margarine and seven seas salad dressing lines , had sales of $ 433 million in fiscal 1986 .
`` why , yes . the operator came on the line , like they do , and said that three minutes were up and to signal when we were through .
mr. holland expects the momentum to continue . the company has added a line of athletic shoes .
terms were n't disclosed . the 185-acre shipyard was shut down by general dynamics last summer after it completed building a line of maritime positioning ships for the military .
yet in mr. laband 's rehash of free-market logic , human greed and self-interest are the only permissible psychological reactions . allowing uncontrolled prices for necessities would indeed shorten the lines at stores , as he contends .
i walked past him out of the office , on into my own office and called sacramento . i got lucille patton on the line .
it is with no little misgiving that we see the river enter these black , hard walls . at its very entrance we have to make a portage ; then we have to let down with lines past some ugly rocks .
occasionally , he even loses the grace and simplicity that characterize his best work in one set of coats , the shoulders are so awkwardly padded they look as if the coat hangers have been left in by mistake . marketing the zaitsev line here should be an enjoyable challenge .
research industries corp. said a federal judge here upheld its right to sell a line of open-heart surgical catheters in a patent-infringement suit against it by minnesota mining & manufacturing co. the judge rejected claims that the line infringed on a minnesota mining patent , and the judge ordered the minneapolis company to pay $ 600,000 in costs and attorneys ' fees , research industries said .
`` now it 's ford 's turn to step forward with new products to keep pace . `` ford 's mr. smith said the company is working on a new gas engine with electronic port fuel injection , an expanded line of diesel engines with electronic controls , and new class 8 heavy-duty truck tractors , among other projects .
with less competition and less of a chance for newcomers to get into the game , these u.s. carriers will have a more stable and profitable financial environment than they 've had in the past , says george james , president of airline economics inc. , a washington consulting firm . moreover , he says , major u.s. air carriers also have such assets as undervalued real estate , valuable landing slots , airport gates , salable aircraft and even positions in line to take delivery of new planes .
the price of honda 's least expensive model , the civic dx hatchback with a four-speed manual transmission , will rise 3.9 % to $ 6,635 from $ 6,385 , the spokesman said . the most expensive holdover model in the civic line , the four-wheel drive wagon with automatic transmission , will have a base price of $ 13,140 , up 2.6 % from $ 12,810 in 1989 .
mr. scharffenberger says mr. meenaghan `` has a good , thorough insurance background. '' mr . meenaghan says home will `` pursue growth aggressively '' in some specialized lines , but the growth will be orderly .
the market for phone systems is fairly flat and intensely competitive ; at & t , international business machines corp. 's rolm unit and northern telecom ltd. vie each year for the no . 1 spot and together control 60 % to 70 % of the market , according to analysts . at & t said its new spirit system , which has been in controlled introduction in southern california , is designed for non-office businesses and , in the larger model , can accommodate as many as 24 lines and 48 phones . merlin ii , the larger of the new merlin systems , can accommodate as many as 32 lines and 72 phones .
`` when wall street turned around shortly after the opening , there was panic buying in paris . `` brokers said that as the news spread that wall street was moving up , traders who had called to place sell orders changed their line in mid-conversation , ordering buys instead .
before the 1986 fourth quarter , the ailing auto maker 's most recent profit was in the 1984 fourth quarter . mr. cappy made the forecast here while introducing part of amc 's 1988-model line .
the gore tactics limited mr. hart 's opportunity to seize the stage . though more forceful than in last week 's iowa debate , the colorado democrat went on the defensive early when nbc newsman and debate moderator john chancellor characterized his re-entry into the race with the old song line , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
`` shooting is for all , '' says lenny handler , owner of the fort lauderdale , fla. , bang bang boutique , among the largest gun-fashion retailers . the store offers a wide line of color-coordinated holsters .
yet it is n't easy to serve both giant aerospace concerns and one-man machine shops . milacron also must walk a narrow line , supplying the machines that manufacturers want today without backing away from advanced technology .
but a counter trend may be setting in . campbell 's godiva unit , the brand that started it all , has introduced a more american line .
the drug also is being tested for its possible benefits in treating gum disease . upjohn is also testing a new line of drugs called lazaroids , which in animal tests appear to slow deterioration of tissue surrounding a traumatic wound .
american express co. and american telephone & telegraph co. have formed a partnership to expand in interactive telephone marketing . the new company , call interactive , will use the telephone lines for an array of sales and market-research services .
e-ii 's businesses will include stiffel lamps , samsonite luggage and the culligan water softener business . its food lines will include martha white baking mixes , lowrey 's meat snacks and a private-label pizza business .
glenview , ill.-based kraft long has wanted to expand in frozen foods , the fastest-growing packaged-food area right now . the company tried a line of frozen-cheese dinners that it quietly folded last year .
one of the new models uses international business machines corp. 's micro channel data bus design , marking ncr 's first use of the technology . separately , ncr unveiled a new member of its tower 32 computer line , built around motorola inc. 's 68030 microprocessor .
the furniture maker said the closely held berkshire and allegheny operations have combined annual sales of $ 32 million . berkshire sells a specialized line of beds and daybeds and allegheny makes berkshire 's metal beds and supplies parts and semi-finished products to other home furnishings manufacturers .
digital equipment lost 4 to close at 120 3/8 . the company introduced a new line of powerful computers called vax 8800 .
i 'm sure mr. silverglade inadvertently overlooked the fact that campbell has sold low-sodium soups for years . also , this past summer we brought out a line of `` special request '' soups with one-third less salt .
mr. allbach says he is beginning to suspect that kodak instigated the suit , hoping everyone will pitch their cameras . kodak denies that and says the delay is costing it a bundle in legal expenses , not to mention the cost of maintaining an 800 telephone line for instant camera owners .
large food companies already vary their best-known products this way , but companies in philip morris 's business are the real experts . `` tobacco companies are heavily into line extensions , '' says al ries , chairman of trout & ries inc. , a new york marketing strategy firm .
< p > @ great atlantic & pacific tea co. is introducing a line of fancy private-label foodstuffs in a far-reaching attempt to capitalize on growing demand for gourmet products .
briefs the second city 's experimental theater group in chicago opens a new revue , `` kukla , fawn and ollie , or contra hear me knocking. '' . . . a new line of exercise machines for children is called future force .
< p > @ atari corp. reported strong second-quarter profits from its computer and video lines , but they were partly offset by unexpectedly high losses from its federated group unit , which it acquired last year .
yesterday 's hardware and software introductions are the most recent step in a flurry of moves ibm has made since october to fend off stiff competition from companies such as digital equipment , a major threat in the mid-range market , and amdahl corp. , which makes machines that run software made for ibm 's mainframes . in addition to unveiling the 9370 line , ibm has enhanced its lackluster workstation , the rt personal computer , and cut prices on its mainframe offerings while introducing new ones . the company also introduced a new line of personal computers last month , in a bid to protect its position in that market .
how many but-for arguments , `` res ipsa '' claims and 1,000-word footnotes can our culture absorb ? how many more federal judges can get by with lines like , `` we write , therefore , on a relatively `` tabula rasa , '' despite the burgeoning field of securities law . ''
< p > @ benihana national corp. , miami , plans to close its unprofitable big splash-seafood emporium restaurant line as part of its drive to `` get back to basics '' and focus on japanese cooking , joel schwartz , president , said in an interview .
mr. wolfer said the company 's 10 stores that sell children 's clothing exclusively have remained profitable , but the 25 stores that sell both women 's and children 's clothing have `` performed poorly . `` he added that the company has probably been attempting to offer too wide a choice of sizes and styles , and plans to eliminate petite and large sizes from its women 's line .
often , debt is ballooned by well-intentioned efforts to reshape a company 's business . allegheny international inc. , once primarily a steel producer , set out a decade ago to strengthen its consumer-products lines , mainly through acquisitions .
the center said neither tire should last more than 10,000 miles on average . but a spokeswoman at uniroyal goodrich said its t/a r and r1 lines are essentially road-racing tires that are n't expected to last long .
mr. mottus added that noxell may have been `` spoiled by '' the success of its cover girl line . founded in 1961 , cover girl has grown to become one of the two largest cosmetics lines sold in the u.s .
mr. montgomery scoffs at such concerns . he says he `` does n't foresee '' the need for any acquisitions , except for limited additions to the diagnostics line , in the next few years .
< p > @ noxell corp. is about to give its clarion cosmetics line a new advertising look .
she told me how much she loved me , that she was counting on me to keep the hui going no matter what , and that she planned to leave a little something for you , my son , in her will . then suddenly , in the middle of a sentence , the line went dead .
`` there are over 800 toy companies in america '' and most in galoob 's revenue range who were concentrating on marketing toys `` much above the $ 50 range were hurting in 1987 , '' said steven eisenberg who follows the toy industry for bear , stearns & co. galoob , however , with practically no debt , is n't likely to be another wow and should rebound to profitability in the `` 50 cents to 75 cents a share range '' this year assuming an acceptable product mix , mr. eisenberg said . toy companies in general are likely to be `` heading back to basics '' with lower-priced products making up most of their mix ; galoob , which will unveil its new line of toys to analysts this week , is likely to follow that pattern , according to mr. eisenberg .
the net figure included a $ 9 million charge from the sale of operations , partially offset by a $ 3.1 million tax credit . besides its optometric and medical diagnostic operations , cooper has a line of surgical products .
< p > @ general motors corp. , struggling with a lackluster car line and bloated costs , tapped a new president who has a proven record of cost cutting and decades of experience building automobiles .
mr. duggan , the former lbj aide , once asked the switchboard to find a long-lost girlfriend in new york . `` forty-five minutes later , they had her on the line , '' he recalls .
although a former democrat and teachers-union activist , he earned a reputation as a fiscal conservative during his two terms as mayor of tampa , fla. , by slashing property taxes . as a gubernatorial candidate , mr. martinez , the grandson of spanish immigrants , mocked his democratic opponent , steve pajcic , with lines such as `` he never met a tax he did n't like . ''
at a national hardware show in chicago , the company recently exhibited about 30 new power-tool products and an expanded group of accessories . among them is a patented line of drill bits called `` bullet , '' which the company hopes will have the same impact as its popular `` piranha '' line of circular saw blades .
mr. hassenfeld said the company 's transformers action toys group would be the largest category contributing to 1986 results . hasbro reiterated that it expects sales of the line to fall ; mr. hassenfeld estimated the sales would fall to $ 195 million this year from $ 335 million last year .
a board of federal and state regulators last month voted to increase the subscriber-line charge by a total of $ 1.50 by april 1989. the charge makes subscribers pay part of the fixed costs of the lines to homes and small businesses rather than adding these costs to long-distance service .
to emphasize the surprising speed with which the charioteer is about to be served , the ads ' signature is , `` the pizza you wo n't believa . `` in some ads the line is sung , opera-style . ( burnett used opera singing to memorable advantage in its current ads for cheer detergent . )
his research , moreover , is sloppy . for instance , he passes along without comment the line that jim jacobs , the fighter 's late co-manager , was born wealthy .
the japanese , sociologists note , tend to follow the crowd . they measure the quality of ice cream , for example , by the length of the line in front of the shop .
international business machines corp. , seeking to raise the return on its massive research and development investments , said it will start charging more money to license its 32,000 patents around the world . in announcing the change , ibm also said that it 's willing to license patents for its ps/2 line of personal computers .
in new york stock exchange composite trading friday , aetna closed at $ 60 , down 50 cents . in the latest quarter , aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year .
but darn it , i just do n't want to appear rude . `` every time i stand in that line i expect to see some burly construction worker push in front of an elderly woman .
for the first nine months , mattel 's net income fell 75 % to $ 18.6 million , or 31 cents a share , from $ 73.4 million , or $ 1.37 a share , a year earlier . harold vogel , a merrill lynch & co. analyst , said mattel 's major problem is that unsold retail inventories of its `` masters of the universe '' line of toys are still very large .
the consumer products and financial services businesses had lower operating earnings , greyhound said , though transportation manufacturing earnings rose 7 % . the company said its line of household laundry products had n't returned to the profit levels that prevailed before new-product spending by competitors was increased in mid 1986 .
it lost nearly $ 50 million over the past four years , and its market value was decimated . in january , as activision struggled to rebound with a new line of pc software , mr. levy left his post as chairman amid a falling out with the company 's board .
he expects more pants in the fall collection . but designers say they have n't abandoned the longer skirt and plan to include it in their fall lines as one option .
< p > @ digital equipment corp. introduced two microvax computer systems , to bolster the low end of its minicomputer line .
mr. mitterrand , mr. chirac , and a former premier , raymond barre , want to crack down on illegal immigrants , but not to discriminate against legal immigrants . mr. le pen wants to reserve jobs and government subsidies to the french , put the immigrants at the end of the line -- and send the illegals home .
the company , a unit of north american philips corp. , which in turn is a new york-based subsidiary of n.v. philips of the netherlands , was charged with claiming that the device made tap water cleaner , even though norelco knew that methylene chloride leached into the water from a glue used in the appliance 's filter , the commission said . the company learned of the problem in 1982 from consumer reports magazine and developed a new filter , but it continued to sell the initial filter line for three years , the commission charged .
the company has grown -- to about 40 employees , from four initially , mr. kaye says . justin has been profitable since 1986 , adds the official , who shares his office with numerous teddy bears , all samples from his line of plush toys .
analysts predict net income will fall as much as a third this year , from 565.5 billion lire in 1986. one problem has been flat sales of olivetti 's five-year-old line of minicomputers . the new line of minicomputers shown yesterday seeks to boost olivetti 's minicomputer sales by 50 % annually over the next two years , mr. levi said .
maytag acquired the plant in 1986 at the time of its acquisition of magic chef co. , admiral 's former parent . maytag said the first phase of the galesburg project , begun last year , is scheduled for completion next year and will enable it to produce its first line of refrigerators and freezers bearing the maytag name .
but even the improved american prospects did n't turn this event into a gate attraction . on saturday , when the sun shone brightly and temperatures were in the 50s , the line of cars trying to get into a car wash across the highway from the 400-meter oval at the wisconsin state fairgrounds was longer than that seeking admission to the races .
as previously reported , quaker wants to sell everything it acquired in that transaction except the gaines pet food unit . for glenview , ill.-based kraft , the new lines will boost its market share on several supermarket shelves it already dominates .
sure one day to enter standard books of quotations was sir robert 's admission that sometimes in his role as chief mandarin he had to be `` economical with the truth . `` that line , says peter hennessy , a british political commentator , `` could have come straight out of sir humphrey 's mouth in 'yes , prime minister . ' `` sir humphrey appleby , in the tv show , holds the same job as sir robert holds in real life under prime minister margaret thatcher .
even now , university business programs `` walk a lot thinner line regarding ethics than they used to , '' says charles hickman , director of projects and member services for the american assembly of collegiate schools of business . but in the case at west virginia university 's college of business and economics , the students not only walked the line .
the book follows mingolla and his lover , a rebel named debora , as the two powerful , drug-enhanced psychics are sucked into the war 's black labyrinths , which reek of blood and history . the book is the fifth in bantam 's new fiction line of original trade paperback fiction , which was kicked off this past summer .
but in france , which has long considered television a public service and a cultural force , discovering that it 's also a business has come as a jolt . and although many business executives laud the recent rehabilitation of free enterprise and profit , many frenchmen clearly draw the line at television .
`` today , because the competition is so tough , you do n't simply say 'hey i got a new car ' and immediately get all kinds of people in the showroom , '' says lloyd e. reuss , gm 's executive vice president for north american automotive operations . indeed , chrysler corp. also has had problems with new products , most notably its new eagle premier line inherited from american motors corp. slow sales will force it to close for two weeks in june the bramalea , ontario , plant that makes those cars .
once a negligible presence in the u.s. , the maker of chemicals , pharmaceuticals and fibers has quickly established itself in the u.s. chemicals market through sizable acquisitions . over the past two years , it has bought the agricultural chemicals business of union carbide corp. for $ 575 million and a basic chemicals line from imperial chemical industries plc for $ 505 million .
after more than three hours in the water , brown was picked up . as he reached for the line thrown from the warrington he was feebly shouting , `` i had eighteen men .
federal regulations require that so-called passive restraints -- air bags or automatic seat belts -- be standard for the driver side in all cars by 1990. chrysler corp. already offers six car lines with standard driver-side air bags and yugo america inc. has said it has chosen to make driver-side air bags standard on its 1990 models .
commodore 's task to restructure its u.s. operations is formidable . the company 's venerable model 64 computer is in the final years of its life cycle and its personal computer line is up against new products from computer giants , including international business machines corp. , apple computer inc. and tandy corp .
`` to go beyond is very hard ( but ) if we do n't do it now we 're lost . `` the response is most powerful among black voters , where apartheid touches an emotional chord reaching across class lines .
terms of the two transactions were n't disclosed . in addition , mallinckrodt has put its forma scientific laboratory-equipment business and its barium gastrointestinal imaging-products line on the block , international minerals said .
in contrast , domestic manufacturers have offered a wide variety of dealer and consumer incentives over the last several years to spur sales overall as well as on specific slow-selling models . general motors corp. , ford motor co. and chrysler corp. are currently offering customer rebates or low-interest financing on many car lines .
henley said it plans a public offering of $ 1 billion of subordinated debentures to refinance $ 980 million of bank debt now outstanding under a $ 2.3 billion line of credit . the company said it also expects to replace its existing line with a new facility totaling more than $ 2.5 billion .
pennzoil further caved in when it dropped its demand for interest totaling about $ 1 million a day until payment of the settlement . mr. kinnear stationed himself at weil gotschal with his battery of attorneys as the draft plan was examined line by line .
when she was not helping her mother make bread , or sliding pots of bubbling brown beans in or out of the big oven at the side , or basting great joints of meat , she was on her knees scrubbing the wooden floors , their planks worn smooth by the steady tattoo of many feet and by sanding and scouring . or she was washing the big tubful of clothes that accumulated so quickly , hanging them out to dry on a line that reached all the way across the clearing behind the house .
the toledo plant is one of the older operating auto plants in the country , with some of the buildings dating back to the turn of the century . as is the case in wisconsin , amc is seeking some help from state government in financing the toledo project in part because it has been incurring high costs to start up production of a new line of mid-sized cars at a new plant in bramalea , ontario .
< p > @ international business machines corp. , in another move to regain ground on competitors such as digital equipment corp. , unveiled four new models in its most powerful mid-range computer line and its first mainframe computer priced below $ 1 million .
`` wrong telephone , `` she said . `` that 's the outside line .
that the teaching occupation needs high professional standards is indisputable -- and the board created for that purpose should get on with the task . for its part , congress should think twice before erasing yet another line of demarcation between public and private .
mrs. barbara agte , allison 's closest friend on the faculty , says , `` no one felt responsibility for informing the parents of the dead students . the krauses tried to telephone kent , but all lines were out .
`` oh , my , `` i said in an apologetic voice , `` i did n't get you out of bed , did i ? `` there was a moment of silence on the other end of the line , and then with a wistful little sigh she replied , `` no . but i wish you had . ``
for tedious seconds nothing happened . then there was a series of sharp bangs as some of the tow lines parted .
selling software electronically has been tried before without much success , primarily because the devices were so limited , says chuck kinch , computerland 's vice president , products . some units , for instance , distributed software by telephone lines from a central location , but the process was n't reliable , mr. kinch says .
what does that candidate do ? pat robertson , says republican charles west , 62 , himself a minister , `` is going to say , 'let us pray , ' and when they kneel , he 's going to the front of the line . ''
no . she could not prove that mrs. willymore had secret intentions , or that her words were false . the line between recovering and has recovered was fine .
scott paper co. is looking for a new advertising agency to take over all but one of its u.s. consumer products lines now handled by j. walter thompson usa inc. and bbdo worldwide inc. the one exception is the viva paper towel line , which will remain with bbdo .
held in this way , the men are able to pull her into a cove , in the left wall , where she is made fast . but this leaves a man on the rock above , holding to the line of the little boat .
in establishing products with consumers , he said , it 's easier to focus ad dollars and marketing efforts if there 's only one name to promote . chevrolet is using the same approach with its geo line of import cars that debuts this fall .
state attempts to shield their corporations from hostile bids have `` presented serious impediments to the free and efficient operation '' of the stock markets , mr. ruder said . `` drawing the line between appropriate state regulation of internal corporate affairs and improper state regulation of national tender offers is not easy , '' he added , `` but the task is unavoidable . ''
each store will have one employee whose main chore will be to tidy up . and an increase in the number of checkout clerks should reduce the waits in line , which were longer than the competition .
`` the only way to go is up . `` recently , lister butler designed a paper bag decorated with an `` aristocratic '' ribbon and gold coat of arms to launch a line of deluxe candy from nestle .
cars marketed as the geo metro is have altered the way the epa breaks down the fuel-economy lists . because of the increasing number of auto lines that spring , as the geo metro does , from u.s.-foreign joint ventures , the epa no longer bothers to compile its list of the most fuel-efficient u.s. cars .
`` the problem with continental service is it 's so unpredictable , '' says hal salfen , an industry consultant . `` i had absolutely splendid , perfect service flying continental to guam , but when i got to los angeles , it was back to long lines and rude counter help . ''
major firms contacted , including morgan stanley & co. , kidder peabody & co. , painewebber inc. , goldman sachs and salomon brothers , all either denied that they were responsible for the buying or declined comment . as news of the rally in mmi futures reached the new york stock exchange ( major firms maintain open lines both to their traders in chicago and to specialists in new york ) , the market got another important psychological boost the announcement of stock buybacks by major corporations .
it is being squeezed by asian competition in the company 's traditional office-equipment market . sales of a new line of minicomputers have n't met the company 's projections .
mr. roh nevertheless scheduled his seoul rally to coincide with the anniversary . his advisers say his speech will draw the clearest line yet between himself and the highly unpopular president chun .
`` as long as i 'm around , '' mr. schneider vows , `` we wo n't go on the stock market . `` and mr. schneider also wants to prevent the davidoff line of cigars from becoming mass consumer items .
noxell uses a second major agency , chicago-based leo burnett , for its clarion line ; burnett is already a procter agency and could be considered for future assignments . meanwhile , industry executives already have begun speculating that lintas might take on another cosmetics line , such as maybelline , a unit of schering-plough .
in 1986 , ibm 's fourth-quarter earnings dropped 48 % to $ 1.39 billion , or $ 2.28 a share . most analysts expect much stronger earnings in the current quarter primarily because of lower expenses and new products such as the company 's new personal computer line and its model 9370 mid-range computer . however , mr. akers said that ibm 's mainframe line -- the model 3090 -- would show only slight growth for the year .
`` the key is to be able to handle those calls , '' says ronald a. katz , president and chief executive officer . he says his company will be looking into movie lines , as well as record promotions in which , say , callers could hear a preview of a new madonna song .
`` in the words of gypsy rose lee , '' ms. hoyt said , `` you got ta have a gimmick . `` this gimmick , many pr consultants concur , crossed the line .
inspired by imports , mr. rosen now makes fur muffs , hats and flings . this year he produced a men 's line and offers dyed furs in red , cherry red , violet , royal blue and forest green .
she asked him , `` was i very bad , darling ? `` without answering her , he picked up the telephone and told the operator to try him on that line if he could not be found elsewhere .
`` well , no , sam , `` alice said kindly , `` it is really time for us to go anyway . perhaps next time we come , you will put a fence round the washing line .
mr. max , who once designed costumes for the soviet union 's kirov ballet , attended design school in new york and worked for tahari ltd. , a new york designer , before moving to los angeles . his lines , which include short skirts and dress and jacket ensembles in soft knits , are now in many major department stores .
notes of white house meetings indicate president reagan shared adm. poindexter 's penchant for turning words . the naval officer testified that even col. north had difficulty `` drawing the fine line that the president was drawing '' in defending a plan that encompassed selling weapons to a nation that had supported terrorists holding american hostages in lebanon .
< p > @ a north carolina auto dealer plans to use the japanese-style `` house call '' method to sell toyota motor corp. 's new line of luxury cars in the u.s .
one major hurdle remained , according to mr. bidwell , who spent 27 years at ford and was hertz corp. president and chief operating officer before joining chrysler in 1983. chrysler and renault could n't agree on a value for the stake in amc , particularly with amc just about to start selling new lines of renault cars .
the hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as digital equipment corp. announced its first line of mainframe computers , targeting international business machines corp. 's largest market . ibm fired back with new mainframes of its own , extending the long-dominant 3090 line with a 7 % to 14 % power boost .
adds ray ablondi , a marketing research director at ford motor co. `` we do n't recognize something called a middle class . we work across demographic , psycho-graphic and life-style lines .
the move would have been organized by management and carried out by workers with job classifications allowing them to haul equipment . but now , the skilled-trades workers were not only organizing the move but also were willing to cross job lines and help .
< p > @ compaq computer corp. reported its fourth-quarter net income more than tripled and sales more than doubled , despite the first full brunt of competition from international business machines corp. 's newest personal computer line .
in the past , people 's shopping decisions were restricted partly by their limited familiarity with what was available . but mass communication has since spread tastes and wants across social and economic lines .
however , you 're missing the point . the constant dancing on the border of what is criminal and what is not and the consistent crossing of the line of what is ethical by the attorney general of the united states -- the highest legal officer in the land -- make a mockery of our sense of justice .
meanwhile , corporations are paring legal budgets and forcing outside law firms to bid competitively for their business . law firms walk a fine line in devising marketing that brings in new business without offending conservative partners or old-line clients who value discretion .
computer associates has grown rapidly by focusing on a part of the software market called systems utilities , which help data processing centers manage their operations more efficiently . it has made a series of acquisitions to broaden its line of business software , including the purchase of software international corp. and integrated software systems corp. last december .
mr. jacobs recently opened a restaurant overlooking a boat dealership he owns on the shores of lake minnetonka here . tables at the snazzy new york-style deli and grill , called sasha 's , are carefully arranged no matter which way customers turn , their gaze falls upon the dealership 's line of sleek wellcraft powerboats .
the third quarter is typically the strongest one of the year for toy makers because the bulk of christmas orders are shipped during the period . galoob said it saw strong demand for its micro machines , a line of miniature cars that retail for about $ 4 . it also cited demand for a line of dolls called bouncin ' babies , retailing for under $ 10 , that it began shipping in july .
its symptoms include a cold sweat at the sound of debate , clammy hands in the face of congressional criticism , and fainting spells when someone writes the word `` controversy . `` as one unidentified official clearly in the late stages of the disease told the times `` baker just felt that there were some lines in the speech that could be misinterpreted and seized by the press . ''
but consumers are n't easily swayed . `` the tough part is how long will it take '' to get a good car line for eagle , says mr. iacocca .
none of the leading democrats has the nerve -- so far -- to demand from him a more complete accounting . `` in moderation , '' kevin phillips , the gop theoretician , said earlier this week , `` some of that might actually help the democrats , but drawing the line is going to be very tricky . ''
an agent called `` jack '' had forced a palestinian to call himself a poodle , crawl on all fours and bark , an investigation found , while the other agent had slapped an arrested arab journalist and bound his hands to a pipe `` a number of times , '' though never for more than an hour . because the shin bet 's secrecy extends even to its code of behavior and disciplinary record , it is unclear where the agency draws the line .
the ibm spokesman confirmed that ibm had made the retirement offer to many of the 23,000 employees at four manufacturing sites . they are in manassas , va. , and owego , n.y. , where ibm makes specialized equipment for defense contracts ; in endicott , n.y. , where it makes the 9370 minicomputer line ; and in lexington , ky. , where it produces typewriters and printers .
a british scientist is risking his life to get it out . i am hooked from the opening line
philip morris said the market share of its u.s. tobacco unit increased compared with a year ago , although cigarette unit volume fell for both the industry and philip morris u.s.a. the company said lower retail prices boosted sales for general foods ' maxwell house coffee line , while strong gains also were achieved for louis rich turkey products .
q what are you most proud of having done as enforcement chief ? a it would have to be the line of cases -- levine , boesky , drexel , et al .
mr. ross says manufacturers have n't changed their rule of thumb of holding defective garments to less than 1 % of the total produced , and he says they are still largely meeting that goal . complaining about a decline in quality has long been a favorite consumer pastime , but customers are becoming particularly vocal these days about poor workmanship in higher-priced lines , says paul d. campbell , a market researcher in minneapolis who tracks consumers ' attitudes for retailers .
the price of the contract was n't disclosed , but galoob said it made an advance payment and also will pay royalties . galoob said it will market a line of action figures , playsets , electronic hand-held games and toy weapons based on the new program , which will begin oct. 3 .
the exception is x-ray mammography equipment for the diagnosis of breast cancer . `` thomson has a more complete line of mammography equipment , '' said robert l. stocking , vice president of marketing for ge 's medical equipment group in milwaukee .
neatly printed on the wall was `` i ai n't never gon na love nobody but cornell crawford . `` the line stuck with her -- `` so funny and dear , and who 's cornell anyway ? ''
last september , brown-forman said it was considering the sale of the division to focus its operations on alcoholic beverages , china and luggage . in july 1986 , brown-forman liquidated its unprofitable keepsake jewelry line .
`` you ca n't provide a consistent , consumer-preferred product . `` tropicana is also about to unveil a new line of non-refrigerated orange-based drinks called twisters .
i crumpled the note and tossed it on the bed , then snatched up the phone again . `` get off the line , jim .
< p > @ general motors corp. set the base price of its new buick regal -- first of a new line of midsized cars that is crucial for gm 's comeback effort -- 7.7 % higher than the model it replaces .
unisys lost 1/2 to 33 1/2 . the computer maker introduced a line of personal workstations .
nevertheless , wcrs might consider bddp as a backup if its talks with eurocom fall through , some industry executives suggested . wcrs initially announced last month that it was in talks to sell a portion of its ad business ; it hopes to largely remove itself from the agency business in order to concentrate on its more profitable line , media-buying .
sales rose 16 % to $ 1.4 billion from $ 1.21 billion . the framingham , mass.-based discount store operator has had weak results from its large discount department store operations in recent periods because of strong competition and weakness in its apparel lines .
pier 1 imports inc. , fort worth , texas , said net income was flat at $ 7.3 million in its second quarter ended aug. 26. the specialty retailer said in july that it expected the results to be flat because of discounting in some lines , particularly cotton apparel .
trw also said it received a record volume of contract awards last year . in late 1985 , trw began a restructuring that involved selling businesses -- mainly aircraft parts and industrial products -- with annual sales of about $ 800 million , pruning back remaining lines to their most profitable products and a general cost-reduction effort .
revenue rose about 1 % to $ 2.33 billion from $ 2.31 billion . donald e. guinn , chairman and chief executive officer , said the company 's pacific bell telephone co. unit added more than 176,000 new customer lines during the quarter .
`` it 's quite a bombshell , '' said one , adding that the offer could spark a period of industry consolidation . the two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines , and analysts described the offer , representing a 36 % premium over nekoosa 's market price , as fair .
bmw 's sales dropped 15.6 % , while volkswagen ag 's sales fell 11.7 % . however , volkswagen 's audi line boosted sales 61.5 % in july to 2,653 vehicles .
the company hopes to get federal clearance later this year to begin human tests of the melanin skin cream and to invade the $ 300 million-a-year sun-screen market in 1990 . `` we 're developing a new line of skin protectants based on melanin produced by genetic engineering , '' says sergio nacht , vice president for research and development and a biochemist who has specialized in dermatology research .
communications would be even worse in the old downtown section of the city , where gen. noriega maintained his military headquarters complex . cia officials had n't provided maj. giroldi or his allies with any means to communicate with the southern command , nor did they arrange to keep a telephone line open to gen. noriega 's headquarters .
the agreement is also an admission by at & t that its bell labs research arm needs help developing commercial computer products . at & t is expected to use the sun chip design as a blueprint for new chips that it will eventually make in-house and use to power a new line of high-powered computers using the so-called risc , or reduced instruction set computer technology .
and carriers may have to mention that return portions of most non-refundable tickets ca n't be used when travelers miss departing flights . `` we 're essentially drawing a specific line and saying , 'step across it and we 'll sue you , ' '' says one task-force member .
you would n't write home about their profits. '' ms . hall also said that revlon may be looking at other cosmetic lines that are currently up for sale . some wall street sources are speculating that among those lines are pieces of charles of the ritz group ltd. , recently purchased by yves saint laurent international s.a .
that , in turn , should continue to cut the costs of the machines and expand their market . sharp electronics corp. and ricoh corp. recently announced faxes that use normal paper , rather than the rolls of chemically treated , heat-sensitive paper most faxes use to reproduce documents from signals transmitted over telephone lines .
`` our customers would like simpler training for users and consistent programs from the terminal to the pc , to the workstation , to the corporate computing level , '' said henry ancona , vice president of the business and office information systems group at digital , based in maynard , mass . `` this will provide for a common set of database language tools for the whole line . ''
< p > @ nynex agreed to buy professional services and software lines from ags computers for about $ 275 million .
at the best of the local hotels , the door was already locked at 7:30 in the evening . after several rings , the proprietor reluctantly showed his guest to a rooftop cell with concrete walls and floor , a pile of flea-ridden mattresses , no sheets , two naked bulbs , and a laundry line strung with damp clothes .
cooper , a maker of tools and compression and drilling equipment , declined to disclose the value of the transaction . cooper said the purchase of sutorbilt corp. and duroflow corp. will complement its line of blowers , air compressors and pumps .
there was no response . later , when we phoned again , the line was disconnected . ''
mr. krumm said in an interview that slowly rising interest rates and a downturn in the housing industry will hurt the industry after four years of record sales . mr. krumm said the magic chef acquisition moved maytag into the major appliance lines in which it wants to be , such as refrigerators and ranges .
in his position , i 'd have had to do the same thing . `` a wild laugh reached ainslie from the other end of the line . ``
fetzer 's success is largely due to the enormous popularity of its moderately priced varietals , sundial chardonnay and valley oaks fume blanc , which sell for about $ 7.50 and $ 6 respectively . fetzer makes a full line of varietal wines , all excellent value , especially the barrel select zinfandel and reserve pinot noir .
it already sells about 300 of the garments a year , mainly for industrial workers to wear under heavy suits for hazardous materials handling , but also for race car drivers , armored vehicle crews in the canadian army , and israeli tank crews who are putting the suits through desert trials . the line is `` mildly profitable , '' says bill elkins , president .
`` i have n't got time . `` `` you 're asking me on an open line to define a hot new weapons system and break its code and you have n't got ``
bellsouth at bellsouth , based in atlanta , customer access lines grew by 162,000 , or 3.5 % , during the 12-month period ended sept. 30 .
mattel will introduce captain power in september in 86 u.s. television markets and 17 foreign countries . the spokesman said mattel is being `` very cautious '' about not repeating mistakes it made several years ago when its intellivision game machine line and other electronics products encountered an extremely competitive environment and created huge losses for the company .
backlogs stand at two years or more for many new aircraft models . the company 's whole aerospace segment , both commercial and military lines , accounted for 73 % of last year 's sales .
toyota said total vehicle production for the year was 4,006,796 units , representing a 3.9 % increase over the year before . full model changes in the mark ii , chaser , cresta and hilux models were cited for the increase in units sold , as were new model additions for toyota 's supra , vista , camry , corolla , sprinter , town ace and other existing lines .
< p > @ adolph coors co. said its coors brewing co. unit will test market a new line of bottled water in the west beginning early next year .
analysts said the software should help ashton-tate remove some of the considerable concern over whether it can update the venerable dbase product to keep up with the new generation of computer hardware and operating-system software . for microsoft , analysts said the agreement will ensure that it can offer the general public the sort of products that international business machines corp. has promised its customers with its newest line of personal computers .
`` some fund groups were begging people to come in early last year , '' says john foppiano , a tax partner at price waterhouse & co. `` but we wo n't be seeing any lines at mutual-fund sales offices this april 15 . ''
but depending on the outcome , the episode could soil the squeaky-clean image of one of the nation 's most successful industrial companies , and of its highly regarded chairman and chief executive officer , charles f. knight . a u.s. management hero of sorts , mr. knight , operating in fiercely competitive global markets for a broad line of industrial , consumer and defense products , has extended to 30 years emerson 's unbroken streak of increased profits .
the washington-based consumer group said its rankings were based on information compiled by the department of transportation but not widely disseminated . the group 's analysis showed general tire 's ameri classic line should last between 66,000 and 70,000 miles , depending on the size of the tire .
`` thundercats , '' about catlike humanoids from outer space , was a top-rated cartoon last year . nonetheless , the toy of the same name , made by ljn , suffered from dismal sales ; the company dropped it from its line .
< p > @ the japanese , launching their long-awaited effort to crack the u.s. supercomputer market , introduced a three-machine line and vowed to compete head-on with u.s. rivals .
still , sex and violence outsell economics . takao saito , who draws the 18-year-old `` golgo 13 '' series , notices a change `` until recently , there was a line between manga that had sex and those that did n't . that line has been blurred . ''
< p > @ digital equipment is expected to unveil a series of computers to replace the middle of its vax line .
the line , aimed at young men and women , produces higher profit margins than other name-brand clothes , he said . mr. sullivan also said the line illustrates a change over the past year in the company 's merchandising strategy .
the strain had been too great . somewhere along the line the strands were parting , and at any minute the cable might snap completely .
`` i 'm not sure you want to freshen your breath with the same stuff you use to freshen your refrigerator . `` but church & dwight believes line extensions like the toothpaste are critical to arm & hammer 's growth .
chrysler 's new program offers customers a choice between interest rates as low as 7.8 % and rebates ranging between $ 300 and $ 1,500 . the 1989 model cars included in the program are the subcompact omni and horizon and the compact aries and reliant , which will be replaced starting this january with a new line of midsize cars ; the eagle premier and medallion , which have n't been selling up to the company 's expectations ; and the japanese-built conquest tsi sports car .
contributed by mary-jo jansson van b. fox , who directed nbc 's live program series , `` wide , wide world , `` tells about a show on america 's mountains there were five location directors working in the field , and i was directing from the control center in new york . we had just come to the last three minutes on the air , when suddenly the producer barked a warning `` van , they 've lost the line from the next location .
they never went where they could not ride . thinking of the days of waiting on the riverbank , i wished i had provided him with hooks and a line .
philip morris is a master of it , selling its famous cigarette brands not just as ordinary smokes but as lights , menthols , kings , slims . if philip morris succeeds in its bid to add a host of kraft brands to its already huge line of general foods products , consumers could face ever more such slight variations on a familiar theme .
taxi driver hector pina , for example , now keeps a magnifying glass in his glove compartment to scrutinize notes . checkout lines slow to a crawl as cashiers not only count their change , but read it , too .
nissan motor co. and toyota motor corp. are introducing luxury models in the u.s. this fall for $ 35,000 to $ 40,000 each . the prices for nissan 's infiniti and toyota 's lexus give the japanese makers an edge over most european luxury cars , but still generally exceed the prices of ford 's lincoln line and general motors 's cadillac division .
most virtuous of all is ritchie , played by lou diamond phillips , who with his sweet face and delicate carriage already looks frozen into sainthood . he walks around the camp , his guitar tucked under his arm , exuding goodness and lines like `` my dreams are pure rock and roll . ''
reebok international ltd. chairman paul fireman predicted the canton , mass. , concern would become the leading maker of basketball shoes by year 's end . reebok 's meteoric rise was based on its aerobic-shoe line ; it added basketball sneakers last year .
he says it 's important for a new make to be as distinctive as possible while still retaining links to the parent company 's quality image . he applauds toyota and nissan motor co. for creating separate divisions for their new luxury models , rather than simply adding more nameplates to their standard car lines .
in quito , where buildings rocked and cracked but did n't collapse , automobile use is restricted and soldiers guard the gas stations . at quito 's air force base , earthquake victims wait in line for hours to hitch rides on cargo planes to the earthquake zone .
it declined to disclose the number of shares involved . mt . pulaski telephone , which would be rochester telephone 's fifth illinois telephone concern , serves about 1,800 lines in central illinois .
if that is in the ball park , investors buying xerox shares today would pay only about $ 1.4 billion , or less than $ 14 a share , for the company 's copier and document processing machine businesses . in a takeover , ms. sloate thinks xerox 's business-products lines might fetch $ 85 a share , or 6.5 times cash flow from operations .
nevertheless , the difficulties with the stutz line suggest other possible problems for dealers caused by faulty equipment . in denying the company 's request for an injunction , the court noted that mr. geehring 's new job involves selling commercial equipment that does n't compete with regina 's consumer line , and that there was no evidence that he planned to disclose trade secrets .
as of march 31 , the company had 6,950,000 shares outstanding , down from 7,150,000 a year earlier because of a buy-back after the october stock market plunge . american health licenses diet center franchises , and sells related lines of diet foods and nutritional supplements for weight loss .
-- - ibm plans to announce today some models of its as/400 minicomputer line and a new release of its operating-system software , sources said .
< p > @ mccormick & co. is repackaging its entire line of spices and seasonings , tossing out its familiar red and white tins for fancy-labeled plastic bottles .
< p > @ back in december , harrison j. goldin was at the front of a long line of institutional investors itching to take a verbal swipe at general motors corp. and its chairman , roger smith .
top loading automatic washer with essential cycle and temperature controls , soap or detergent , bleach , water softener , starch , laundry . discuss types of machine dryers , clothes lines , clothes pins , clothes pin bags , clothes line supports ; types of fabrics and colors , line space available , and weather conditions . wet laundry in clothes basket , clothes line , clothes pins , clothes pin bag . when wash is dry , remove from line , article by article , placing pins in bag .
`` perelman wants this company bad enough that he 's willing to pay enough to get it , '' said one person close to the revlon chairman . mr. perelman has argued that combining revlon 's cosmetics products with gillette 's lines would create one of the world 's most formidable consumer-products companies .
generally it tells more about the speaker than about the topic under discussion . yet to draw the line , as mr. carter does , between speech acceptable to men as a class as against women as a class conveys a sexist attitude more objectionable , perhaps , than being foulmouthed .
c-ld-r l-v-s v-nna reads a sign in caldor 's book department . the 1,000 or so people fighting for a place in line have no trouble filling in the blanks .
minnetonka has operated the check-up business in a joint venture with henkel corp. , the u.s. subsidiary of henkel kgaa , dusseldorf , west germany . minnetonka introduced the check-up line with much fanfare in 1984 ; it was the first toothpaste introduced in the u.s. with a pump .
the noxell spokeswoman said that the company does n't break out sales of its individual product lines , but that clarion sales are `` right on target '' with the company 's expectations . marketed mostly in drug stores , the clarion line uses computers to help customers choose their makeup shades .
some of the major data banks , like the ones held by defense , may have five hundred or a thousand access lines . a year ago , wilkens 's congressional committee started to worry about unauthorized tapping into those access lines .
the `` three weeks of stagnation , '' as the period between the two articles is now known in the soviet union , showed perestroika for what it truly is a party line -- no less but no more either . a better line , to be sure , a line one can support with greater sincerity than most other lines -- but a line nevertheless .
nonetheless , hewlett-packard is a huge company with much greater resources than sun and mips . it dominates the risc market with its line of high-end workstations , and is the leading maker of all kinds of workstations with its recent acquisition of apollo computer .
and that should be much less of a problem next year when the comparisons become easier . but ibm also cited a delay in the introduction of a new line of high-end disk drives , the latest in a series of manufacturing and development glitches this year that analysts have said could be linked to the loss of skilled employees in these early-retirement programs .
by midnight , the moon is an intense white spotlight beaming on no less than 50-odd ensembles and hundreds of onlookers . some partiers practically wait in line for the prime spot a gaping hole in the barn below the illuminated `` live bluegrass music '' sign from which lucky ones sit and swing their legs .
the columnist goes on `` if a person is kind , or generous , it 's an event . `` her mail , she says , touches on sore spots ranging from poor manners in supermarket lines to talking during movies .
mr. whitwam hinted that ge is making its bid to fend off possible increased competition in the appliance market from whirlpool . he said whirlpool plans on expanding roper 's current lines of home appliances to compete directly with such lines as ge 's hotpoint .
but not nearly as many immigrants showed up the first day as had been expected . the wait-and-see attitude among wary illegal immigrants was typified by rudolfo aspara contreras , a native of michoacan , mexico , who spent the morning observing a line of applicants outside a houston processing center .
the exchanges are disjointed , quirky , vivid , filled with harold pinter pauses and emotions as genuine as the blacktop . and line by line , bit by bit , the characters of the cops develop ( even if it is in super slow-mo , requiring weeks of watching ) .
many in the industry had expected the vacancy to be filled by william c. lowe , the president of ibm 's pc division , and say ibm 's decision will be a referendum on his performance . ulric weil , a principal at weil & associates , a research firm said he believes mr. lowe did n't get the job because the executive had prematurely killed off ibm 's at line and tried to get customers to switch to the ps/2 line of personal computers , introduced a year and a half ago .
for the current fiscal year , mr. o'reilly said analysts ' estimated net of $ 2.85 a share `` seems reasonable . `` the executive said the fiscal 1987 marketing budget of about $ 383 million will be increased by about 15 % in fiscal 1988 , with most of the spending to be on such lines as weight watchers , chico-san rice cakes , yogurt and near east foods -- a maker of flavored rice products .
however , only $ 18.1 million , or 39 cents a share , was attributable to ongoing activities , with earnings of $ 80.3 million coming from the greyhound capital corp. operation that was sold in october 1986. in the latest quarter , profit attributable to continuing lines was $ 18.5 million , or 49 cents a share .
national medical , a closely held concern , provides kidney dialysis products and services . grace said it raised its stake as part of a strategy to build a medical technology business within grace to complement certain existing specialty-chemical lines .
`` it 's the fourth quarter and what might linger beyond that . `` last month , avon executives indicated that the company would experience a $ 75 million to $ 90 million revenue shortage due to weakness in its gift and decorative lines .
not only that , but the midget sub was about to pull the motor launch down , too . `` cut the line ! ``
a thin and broad-shouldered young man named pylor , from the island of kea , said that he had much diving experience after the sponges that grew offshore there , and he volunteered to look under the galley . a line was tied under his arms and he dived and came up quite soon after .
following the announcement yesterday morning , price pfister 's shares soared $ 7 to close at $ 17.50 in national over-the-counter trading . emhart , a maker of industrial , consumer and electronic goods , said price pfister 's residential-plumbing line would complement emhart 's construction and do-it-yourself products .
susie peterson , an analyst with first boston corp. , recently said that computervision was among the companies that prime might try to acquire , though she thought other candidates were more likely . prime , which had net income of $ 46.9 million , or 97 cents a share , and revenue of $ 860.2 million last year , is among the smallest computer companies that make a broad line of computer systems .
a fireman 's fund spokeswoman said the decision applies to all kinds of insurance written by fireman 's fund and its affiliates . `` massachusetts does n't allow a company to withdraw from just one line , '' the spokeswoman said .
mr. shea noted that in 1987 spiegel dropped low-profit-margin merchandise such as lawn mowers , chain saws , most cameras and most toys , to concentrate on apparel . discontinued lines accounted for $ 30 million in 1986 sales .
< p > @ profits for five telecommunications concerns rose in the third quarter , generally reflecting increases in new customer lines .
terms were n't disclosed . the toy maker said that under the agreement , it gains the australian and new zealand marketing rights to several toy lines jointly developed by tonka and bandai and already sold in the u.s .
for kodak , the trade-in already has been a costly public relations headache . it has spent an estimated $ 17 million , much of it for a toll-free line it has kept open for two years and for a variety of early notices it sent to camera holders .
in moscow , party banners aside , the prevalent ads are the ones stuck to lampposts ; each has a fringe of phone numbers to tear off and call for puppies or guitar lessons . the queue is still the most effective soviet ad ; a russian will join a long line without a clue as to what is for sale at the other end .
rumors circulated about the patent last year , but information was scarce until computer automation last month made a second announcement . it said the patent covered a memory process used inside the top models of the ps/2 line , and said ibm would pay the firm an undisclosed royalty on sales of those models .
the pentagon has strenuously resisted moves to upgrade the status of the units that deal with `` low intensity conflict . `` members of the joint chiefs argued that congress was trying to create a `` fifth service '' that would cut across traditional lines of military authority .
most frequently mentioned are electronics giants samsung of south korea , n.v. philips of the netherlands , and thomson s.a. of france . thomson last year acquired the consumer-electronics business of general electric co. , including its rca lines , leaving zenith as the u.s.-based maker of televisions .
the fund closed at 16 1/4 on 1.2 million shares . international business machines , which introduced three new computer models for small businesses and a number of enhancements to its personal-computer line , added 1 1/4 to 117 1/2 .
the boom leans perilously over the side ; the deck slants ; a bucket bangs against the rail . now a man jerks a slender trip-wire following the line from deck to whale .
meanwhile , sen. domenici , a longtime backer of deficit-reduction measures , works himself into a `` no tax increase '' posture to help his own cause . gop strategist eddie mahe suggests bush errs by delaying his choice until the last minute the convention is a stage show , and `` you ought to figure out who the stars are so you can write their lines . ''
adding to revlon 's difficulties , the company claims that 200 retailers nationwide grew impatient with the pace of the rollout and implemented their own version of the nines . these independent-minded retailers lumped together all of revlon 's lines , without waiting for marketing support from headquarters or proper training for their sales help .
the real bargains go to those tourists with the strong currency . for example , just stand outside a louis vuitton shop in hong kong and watch middle-class japanese alight from tourist buses and form lines on the sidewalk , says mr. white .
worlds of wonder said friday that it expects lazer tag toys -- of which it has $ 25 million in inventory -- to recover from recent weakness . it also said it has begun shipment of a new line of school accessories and a video game , and plans to ship other new toys soon .
the partnership , controlled by money manager martin zweig and former drexel marketing director eugene glaser , will rename the funds zweig series trust , zweig cash fund and zweig tax-free fund . the sale of its fund lines stemmed from drexel 's decision earlier this year to shed its brokerage-office operations .
as for at & t 's view of the bargain , its managers say that while olivetti 's machines fit well with at & t 's u.s. product line , it would n't be difficult for at & t to find another source . at & t has been dissatisfied , moreover , with olivetti sales of its 3b2 minicomputers and system 75 phone switchboard lines in europe .
in numerous flashback scenes , we see him brutalizing his wife , his son , and his daughter , elena . since it 's impossible to judge the literary quality of a play when its lines are being simultaneously translated via headphones , it 's hard to know if `` renidero '' is really as didactic as it seemed to me .
`` i mean it could have happened ! just as he unfastened himself , he might have seen doc coming along , with a hand on the line .
sluggish sales of the beretta , and its four-door sister car , the corsica , prompted gm to idle the two plants that build the automobiles for a total of three weeks this month . the corsica and beretta make up the highest-volume car line at chevrolet , but sales of the vehicles are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34 % during early october .
officials at both companies said a return rate of as high as even 3 % would be considered cause for alarm . a target stores spokesman said the 332-store chain discontinued regina 's housekeeper plus 5000 line , an updated and more expensive offering than the housekeeper 1000 , after `` at least half '' were returned .
a 14-inch-long sleek plastic aircraft with curved wings , it even resembles drawings i 've seen purporting to show the super-secret lockheed stealth fighter . the little plane is equipped with a flashlight beam that can register hits on other toys in a whole mattel toy line .
the price of the cheapest 1990 stanza model will be $ 11,450 , or $ 749 less than that of its less powerful predecessor . nissan 's decision is the latest in a series of moves by foreign auto makers to cut prices on important car lines at a time when the big three u.s. auto makers are aggressively raising base prices on most of their 1990 models .
but he says analysts and others `` tend to overlook the fact '' that more exercise-conscious older people are beginning to buy sportswear . for champion , the challenge was convincing retailers that its sportswear line could compete with the likes of ocean pacific , nike and adidas .
schering-plough corp. 's coppertone has about 30 % of the market while bain de soleil has about 15 % . other richardson-vicks lines include the vicks brands , sinex and oil of olay .
marubeni hopes the movie , `` china shadow , '' which will be about hong kong 's return to china 's control , will become a box-office success all over the world . to make international success possible , the film is in english -- even the japanese actors deliver their lines in english , whether or not they understand what they are saying .
their shortsighted commitment to quarterly figures skews the market and can be addressed only through new federal legislation . their testimony reminded me of the line in the comic strip `` pogo '' '' we have met the enemy and he is us . ''
but those gains were offset greatly by `` significant '' drops in its lumber operations and mortgage banking and residential development activities . weyerhaeuser said operating earnings for forest products lines , exclusive of pulp and paper , fell 35 % . a year earlier , the lines had a $ 25 million capital gain from dispositions of some land and timber .
meanwhile , the fairy moves in under full power and two sailors carry rifles up to the peak . they blaze away at the running whale for an hour and are about to quit from exhaustion when they see the line go slack .
recall that walter mondale and speech writers , without batting an eye , filched and offered as mr. mondale 's own a line from a speech given by lane kirkland only a day earlier i.e. , `` where 's the beef ? `` ( flashing epigrams have changed some since stevenson 's time , you 'll note . ) among republicans , barry goldwater has the best reason to know the price you can pay for appropriating lines . presidential contender goldwater would have been a lot better off in 1964 if he had only seen fit to credit the real author of what turned out to be the most self-destructive lines ever uttered in a campaign speech `` i would remind you . . . extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice . ''
moreover , in the confusion following the takeover , the designers became isolated not only from arrow customers but also from the company 's own sales staff . last spring and summer , as they were creating the bolder spring line , the designers failed to notice that both retailers and consumers were becoming more conservative .
after six months in tests in the western u.s. , scott says helping hand is on target , having contributed $ 600,000 of its first-year goal of $ 1 million . `` we 're able to afford the donations because of the marketing efficiencies of advertising the entire line as one brand , '' says don dietrich , a scott executive .
wine group is a san francisco-based limited partnership . glenmore , a distilled beverages producer , said it may redeploy the cash in its existing lines .
the roster of decorators who have signed licensing contracts with furniture makers reads like the table of contents from architectural digest mark hampton , mario buatta , jay spectre and juan montoya , as well as fashion designer ralph lauren , whose clothing ads feature upper-crust victorian interiors . furniture makers are hoping that decorator lines will give a kick to what is essentially a stagnant market .
last night , the beijing university students crushed forward to listen to speakers who ignored a handful of plain-clothes police present . nearby , dozens of students crowded under the dim lighting of bare bulbs to read a long line of wall posters , some of which were splattered with red ink to symbolize the murder of mr. chai .
the group is expected to develop what it hopes will become a standard `` bus , '' the component that handles the communications flow inside a computer , letting the central processor talk to the keyboard , the floppy disk and so forth . the ibm rivals are expected to argue that their bus will provide all the advantages of ibm 's micro channel bus , which , though arcane , the company has marketed hard as the major innovation of its ps/2 line .
< p > @ campbell soup co. said it agreed in principle to acquire the marie 's line of refrigerated salad dressings , the ripe olives business and an olive processing plant in spain from the specialty brands inc. unit of united biscuits plc .
the non-food businesses had sales of $ 1.2 billion in the year ended feb. 28 , 1987 , representing about 13 % of beatrice 's total . mr. kelly plans to assume control of the non-food company , the sources said , gradually shedding some lines and perhaps adding others in building an independent chicago-based conglomerate .
when he pulled up the hook , it was picked clean . he stood watching it swing slowly back and forth on the end of his line .
revlon 's purchase includes the charles of the ritz and alexandra de markoff cosmetics lines , sold in department stores ; mass-market lines as such as jean nate and enjoli , and dynasty fragrances . revlon vice chairman howard gittis said bain de soleil , a sun-care line , would be sold because `` we are developing our own sun-care lines , beginning with ultima ii .
some of your old henchmen at the yard doing their stuff , splendidly . been on the line to them on and off all day .
ici americas inc. announced a $ 50 million expansion of its polyester-film plant in hopewell , va. the expansion involves a new thick-film line that is slated to begin production in 1989 and increase plant capacity 20 % .
every bell and whistle in the orchestral bag of tricks is heard . sometimes , the large cast , 13 or so depending on how you count the extras and the offstage alto voice , sing all at once but with different lines .
did it fly ? superbly with 200 rapt kite-fliers handling the lines .
bowler earl anthony was supposed to begin a practice session for the true value open at 10:30 a.m. at landmark lanes here on tuesday , but the cluster of autograph seekers was so deep around him that he could n't shake free until about 10:45. as he bowled , new lines formed , and for the next hour he halted his exertions every 10 minutes or so to accommodate them .
`` this is not government-dictated planning , '' mr. webber says . `` it 's using government as a productive partner -- a catalyst -- instead of a drag on the line . ''
soon , right on schedule , the bush message will switch to taxes . the positive line will be that mr. bush wo n't raise taxes ; the negative one will be that taxes have gone up faster under mr. dukakis in massachusetts than they have in the nation generally .
fannie fourie is a white south african , which makes him one of this country 's more privileged citizens . so why is he waiting in line at a relief center for a handout of corn meal and canned sardines ?
the red bra they 'd all seen , and several others that the men hoped to see again filled . at first the men tried to avoid being caught looking at the line .
< p > @ american motors dropped plans to build a new line of jeeps at its kenosha , wis. , plant , citing an impasse with the uaw union .
the computer system , which is n't expected to be available until the fourth quarter this year , will have a base price of $ 27,495 . system 1300 , as the new product is called , fills a gap in the company 's line of multiuser computer systems for business .
some dealers and market analysts fear the boom may wane because current owners are starting to have families , and thus are looking for bigger vehicles . both gm and ford motor co. , which makes the bronco line , will address that problem by introducing four-door compacts by 1991 .
meanwhile , merchants in woodstock , n.y. , say business is slow . `` either they 're all waiting for august or they envision mud and long lines of traffic , '' says jean gaede of the local chamber of commerce , adding that no special event is planned .
adams was prone to absent himself from capital and cabinet when congress was not in session , tempting his subordinates to seek other counsel . but hamilton overstepped the line of propriety , indeed of candor .
they debate ethics in the easy , wisecracking language of daniel petrie jr. 's deft script while they drive to a cajun restaurant in remy 's convertible . he gets her drunk , and they eat and dance and continue wrangling about where to put the fine line between perks and graft .
if you see blue sky through more than one panel , pull your reserve ... . start preparing your landing immediately . watch for smoke or flags to see how the wind is blowing on the ground ... . put your arms up on the shroud lines and grab a handful .
`` the children come to school in plastic . `` one of their favorite songs has the line `` it rains and rains/until the stones will break . ''
come here and give me a hand . `` while the two detectives were chatting , the skipper on his own initiative had baited a line and apparently hooked a massive fish .
moreover , sears has tried unsuccessfully in the past to pump up its women 's business . in the early 1980s , it introduced cheryl tiegs and stefanie powers lines of private-label clothing .
it also yielded 10 to 12 basis points less than a comparable ford motor credit offering in the u.s. , according to syndication specialists . however , the lackluster reception of general electric capital corp. 's mid-february $ 250 million issue may demonstrate that even a top-rated borrower can overstep the line between inexpensive financing and an overly aggressive deal , syndication specialists argue .
< p > @ splitting along partisan lines , the senate judiciary committee yesterday rejected the controversial nomination of bernard siegan to the court of appeals for the ninth circuit in san francisco .
-- the proton saga . this malaysian-built compact is to be the second car line imported by global motors .
the allegations against mr. zaccaro had n't yet been made when his wife , herself a former queens prosecutor , was making her vice presidential bid . mr. zaccaro 's attorney , robert g. morvillo , borrowed her former running mate 's line `` where 's the beef ? '' -- itself borrowed from a wendy 's hamburger ad -- in criticizing the state 's case .
dillo shouted . gary had already jumped in straight pursuit and jumping , he swung his arm and threw a wave into the slack of his line .
he might have pointed out that multicultural grants tend to go to second-generation australians trying to rediscover their roots rather than to newly arrived immigrants . or he might have pointed out that any discrimination along racial lines is anti-western , exactly the sort of thing most immigrants have come to australia to escape .
it 's a good fit . `` in the u.s. , hoover 's vacuum cleaner lines will fill a gap in maytag 's offerings .
`` if there 's a loophole in your tariff you can leave it to this company to find it -- quickly , '' says rose llauget , an executive at gte florida inc. , which runs the tampa-area phone service . megaquest , meanwhile , argues that phone companies are keepers of a public utility , and should n't be allowed to censor what goes out over the lines .
`` it will be a record year in terms of ( unit ) volume and revenue '' for ibm personal computer sales , mr. lowe said . he added that ibm has increased its sales forecast for the machines since the april 2 introduction of the ps/2 line .
`` help me play it , you fool . it 'll break the line .
take two . adrenalin pumps , and i dare to ad lib , changing the line from `` i do n't think so , madame , '' to `` nah , do n't think so , lady , all right ? ''
< p > @ seagram co. 's recent $ 1.2 billion bid for the tropicana orange juice line put its diversification strategy in the spotlight .
the author was edwin markham , a hitherto undistinguished poet who became famous when bailey millard , the editor of the san francisco examiner , accepted `` the man with the hoe '' for publication in 1899 and it was immediately reprinted all over the world . the poem was inspired by jean francois millet 's famous painting of the same name , and it became a prophecy , when markham ended it with these lines
the fed 's founding fathers had just that kind of structure in mind almost 75 years ago . the lines are blurring ; the priorities changing .
montgomery ward & co. 's 2.5 % rise in same-store sales was the slowest growth rate for the mobil corp. unit since fall . sales were hurt by the chain 's recent move out of the hardware and the lawn and garden lines , which typically are big sellers in may .
nynex said telephone operations remain strong . the company said it added more than 479,000 telephone lines in the quarter , boosting the total to 14.6 million .
mr. mcgovern said several product lines showed `` solid volume performance , '' helped by a 12 % increase in marketing expenditures . among the top performers were ready-to-serve dry soups , beverages , fresh produce , the pepperidge farm line of baked goods , mrs. paul 's kitchens fish products , prego sauces and swanson frozen entrees .
-- - boeing 's profit jumped 20 % in the quarter , but the aircraft maker said it still faces major challenges and risks in commercial and military lines .
american brands agreed to buy acco world corp. , an office-supply concern , for $ 29 a share , or $ 602 million . the purchase continues american brands ' aggressive acquisition of consumer-products lines .
a stay ran to the bow , but none to the stern . instead , a series of harp-like lines were secured from the top of the mast to the sides of the craft , extending about two thirds of the way back .
before then , he says , he would smoke in front of his boss , a former smoker , in `` real social '' situations . but he drew the line when it came to work or travel .
< p > @ u.s. shoe corp. and leslie fay cos. announced a licensing agreement in which u.s. shoe will make and sell a line of leslie fay footwear .
since 1984 , mattel has tried to focus on toys , abandoning its electronics and entertainment businesses . recently , mattel has been hurt by slumping demand in the u.s. for its masters of the universe and rainbow brite toy lines .
and occasionally , the love-struck vincent even rises above scriptwriter banality . instead of mouthing lines like `` i really care about what we have together , maddie , '' he has the sense to quote shakespeare .
mr. cohen said that because of the weakness he has cut his forecast of as/400 shipments this year to between 55,000 and 60,000 machines , down from his projections late last year of 70,000 to 75,000. he added , though , that he does n't think that poses a problem for ibm this year , because it is exceeding its expectations at the high end of the as/400 line . users of ibm 's system 38 -- the more powerful line that was merged into the as/400 -- have bought lots of the high-end machines because many were desperate for more computing capacity and moving their software was easy .
but by february , when geraghty & miller inc. was brought public by alex . brown along with robertson , it had 125 institutions waiting in line .
< p > @ although two baby bells showed strong growth in access lines , usage and unregulated business revenue , one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net while the other posted a small drop .
mr. wilcox is director of design research center , a division of herbst , lazar , rogers & bell , a chicago design firm . in redesigning a line of telephone memo books for avery international 's aigner division , mr. wilcox peered over secretaries ' shoulders and studied copies in filled-in form books .
`` we 're not adding a lot of mouths to feed , '' says paul shain , an analyst at dain bosworth inc. he says those battling for `` share of stomach '' include salad bars , in-store delicatessens and a buffet line of home-delivery food services .
after the fervor of a campaign in which the regime portrayed the poll as a choice between itself and marxist chaos , there was a hushed solemnity and respect during the oct. 5 voting . not a voice was raised , not a badge worn nor banner carried , as people waited in long lines to put a pencil mark on a piece of paper .
for this reason , mr. smith makes sure the paper-product managers and workers do n't feel inferior to their counterparts at the more glamorous marketing divisions . `` it 's a fine , fine line you 've got to walk , '' says mr. smith , a down-to-earth executive who tours plants in blue jeans and running shoes .
< p > @ northern telecom ltd. is expected to unveil today a new line of digital telephone switch hardware and software that doubles the current voice and data processing capacity of its existing switches .
isoetec communications inc. of darien , conn. , and vodavi technology corp. , scottsdale , ariz. , said they completed their planned purchase of the executone division of contel corp. for $ 61 million . each company purchased a 50 % stake in executone , which markets and services a line of business telephone systems .
and they reflect the growing turmoil in the u.s. bond trading industry , weakened by anemic profits and intense foreign competition . the departure of the three executives marks yet another outbreak in a long line of defections and dismissals that have roiled the giant securities firm over the past year .
ranging too far from an underwater habitat can be dangerous because the diver may not be able to find his way back . to prevent any such incident during the sealab experiment the aquanauts were attached to their dwelling by guide lines whenever they swam for any distance .
h.j . heinz co. said it has reached an agreement in principle to acquire the pet foods operations of california home brands holdings inc. terms were n't disclosed . california home brands ' pet food line consists primarily of canned dog and cat foods , including the skippy premium , vets , sturdy , petuna and glamour puss labels .
local bills for residences and small businesses will show an fcc-ordered 60-cents-a-month increase in charges by local companies beginning in december . the so-called subscriber line charge , currently $ 2.60 a month , reflects part of the cost of connecting long-distance companies with local companies .
ltv has had $ 4.69 billion in losses over the past five years , mostly from its beleaguered steel unit , the nation 's second largest . ltv plans to reorganize around its aerospace and defense unit , its only profitable line , which accounted for almost two-thirds of ltv 's 1986 operating profit of $ 171.9 million .
pass it forward , get it under the bows and astern . `` men struggled to position the heavy line ; once more the capstan clanked its turns .
its premium priced `` metal bar '' disposable shaver , which stretches the skin as it shaves , is now being shipped . bic plans to introduce its first line of perfumes , which will be aimed at the mass market , in the 1989 first quarter .
right now you may be asking yourself `` why not me ? my boss is a jerk , i 'm sick of long lines at the bank during lunch and only now , decades after kindergarten , have i come to fully understand the importance of a nice nap right after lunch . ''
but `` only a very small segment of the population was willing to pay for that level of authenticity , '' acknowledges robert bernstock , campbell 's general manager of premium meals . campbell has also begun to upgrade its le menu line .
african bees generally dominate in mating , but the scientists hope to give a numerical edge to the calmer european honeybees , the type widely used throughout north america for honey production and crop pollination . farther north , researchers are setting hundreds of traps along three lines a 100-mile stretch from the coastal town of la pesca to ciudad victoria in mexico ; a 125-mile line from tampico to ocampo , also in mexico ; and a 100-mile section of the rio grande , roughly from brownsville , texas , to rio grande city .
mr. resnais compares the melodrama to a puccini opera . `` i wanted it to be like a drawing you make without lifting the pen off the paper -- i wanted the audience to be moved by the line , the simplicity of the line . ''
in terms of speed , the new computers are expected to process from 2.7 million instructions per second , or mips , to more than 10 mips , depending on how many microprocessors are inside . in performance , they will overlap several ibm computers , including parts of the ibm 9370 line and the 4381 line .
< p > @ pennwalt corp. said it acquired a line of fungicides , insecticides and herbicides and their related manufacturing and distribution facilities from le raffineries de soufre reunies , marseille , france .
some companies say their sales might be higher if they were in new york . san francisco-born eletra casadei , 34 , designs evening dresses , sportswear and a line of party gowns called td4 ( `` to die for '' ) , which are inspired by rock videos .
`` the allegations are not true and we intend to defend ourselves vigorously . `` the suits , filed in u.s. district court for the southern district of ohio , stem from claims by two fired cincinnati bell employees , who told local newspapers that they had been ordered to illegally tap the telephone lines of more than 1,000 cincinnati area residents .
the lawsuit says the name ivana is widely associated with mrs. trump 's business dealings , and that pavion ltd. 's ivana lipstick is `` an attempt to capitalize on { mrs. } trump 's celebrity status . `` the lawsuit , which seeks damages of at least $ 10 million , also says that mrs. trump is using the name for her own line of perfume .
gm 's interest in jaguar reflects a desire to help diversify the u.s. company 's products in the growing luxury-car segment of the market . its opel line has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models , but it lacks jaguar 's cachet .
< p > @ ford motor co. said it will spend $ 900 million to develop a new line of auto or truck engines and retool its tractor plant in romeo , mich. , to produce them .
other analysts , though , stress that the coupon concept may need fine-tuning . `` barbie is red hot and hot wheels has emerged as one of the fastest selling toy lines in the country , '' says paul valentine of standard & poor 's corp. , noting that parents always seem willing to pay a premium for the hottest toys .
at the hospital , nobody could call in except on the emergency number . lines out were jammed .
the new line merges the ibm system 36 and system 38 machines . doing so removes the incompatibilities between two of the three major minicomputer lines that ibm sells .
`` if we kept changing directions , i could see people questioning that . `` a new machine without micro channel would be significant because the micro channel is the ingredient in ibm 's ps/2 line that it has promoted heavily as the major technological improvement over earlier pcs .
the job of vice president , he says , `` is inside work with no heavy lifting . `` his biggest line these days goes this way `` when ronald reagan wants his program passed -- when he wants action on his legislation -- he does n't call george , he calls bob . ''
the executives also said ibm will cut prices on some existing models to make room for the new ones , though they were n't sure just how large the cuts would be or which models they would cover . tim bajarin , a consultant with creative strategies research international , santa clara , calif. , speculated that they would cover at least the models 25 and 30 , at the low end of the line , and the model 60 , in the middle of the line .
`` he 's quiet , not particularly argumentative , and he knows what questions to ask . if a lawyer forgets any of his lines , nate is the first to prompt him . ''
west point-pepperell said cluett , peabody & co. , an apparel concern acquired in january 1986 , contributed $ 193 million to sales and $ 2.9 million to net income . cluett 's contribution came primarily from its shirt and hosiery group , while performance in other lines -- including tailored clothing and childrens wear -- was less robust reflecting softer retail demand .
they can only hope that his friends will defend him , and that those who might criticize will heed his last request , wrenching for his family , and urgent for his country . in his closing line , jimmy wrote , `` please try to understand . ''
the value of beatrice assets sold so far , about $ 8 billion , still does n't equal the amount investors paid for the company . donald p. kelly , beatrice 's chairman , has auctioned off 10 major businesses , including the company 's coca-cola bottlers and tropicana juice lines , in an effort to break even .
telephones were busier than usual at fidelity investments over the weekend -- but far less busy than the weekend that preceded october 's black monday . fidelity , the nation 's largest mutual-fund group , estimated that it received about 45,000 calls -- 28 % more than usual -- on its 24-hour customer service lines during the weekend in the wake of friday 's 140.58-point drop in the dow jones industrial average .
instead of the traditional sewn-on patch , it is screen-printed and embroidered on some shirts . in the boys ' line , a new sweater is emblazoned with a fancy crest showing the alligator on a shield with french and american flags .
`` that was hilarious , that was so cruel , '' says chris kreski , the show 's 26-year-old head writer . backstage , mr. kreski struggles to come up with a `` mom line , '' the nightly joke in which mr. ober is interrupted by the voice of his mother asking him to do some gross chore , such as trimming her mustache .
chrysler corp. also is offering financing incentives and rebates that do n't have an expiration date . a ford analyst said another reason for offering the incentives on taurus and sable is to keep sales balanced across car lines .
the sec said that the debartolos have been uncooperative , and had heavily redacted documents that the sec requested . among the exhibits attached by the sec is one full page labeled `` bilzerian-hammermill closing '' in which all but three lines were deleted by the debartolos or their lawyers .
the toy fair is considered a crucial launching pad for new toys and games for the $ 12 billion industry . the suit asserts that `` exclusivity for a concept at the toy fair can mean the difference between success and failure of an entire toy line . ''
two events , however , would help boost the struggling company . in 1970 , amc bought its jeep line from kaiser industries -- a business that boomed .
she is in swift water , and they are not able to pull her back ; nor are they able to go on with the line , as it is not long enough to reach the higher part of the cliff , which is just before them ; so they take a bight around a crag . i send two men back for the other line .
but why are mr. hodel and secretary of energy john herrington trying to resurrect another `` energy crisis '' ? mr. hodel has warned of lines at the gas pumps in `` two to five years . ''
selling scents gets tougher , prompting a fragrance-industry shakeup . disappointing profits put many fragrance lines on the block , including some owned by drug companies .
then came a securities and exchange commission investigation of the company 's disclosure of certain financial information . later , it was the delay of a much-heralded computer line .
the heightened competition will hit ibm at a difficult time . the computer giant 's current mainframe line , which has sold well and has huge profit margins , is starting to show its age .
in new york stock exchange composite trading friday , schering fell 75 cents to close at $ 48.75 , and cooper closed at $ 12.375 , down 62.5. separately , schering said it agreed with lasalle laboratories to develop and market a line of gynecological sex-hormone products in the u.s. and canada .
compaq computer corp. introduced a smaller version of one of its powerful desktop computers at a reduced price , a move aimed at heading off potential competition from international business machines corp. , analysts said . the announcement surprised many industry observers , who had expected compaq to unveil its long-awaited line of laptop computers .
moreover , the fed said that even if such commercial paper activity were covered by the glass-steagall act , banks would n't be considered to be violating the law , which prohibits them from being `` engaged principally '' in underwriting securities , so long as they follow certain guidelines . the guidelines , spelled out in the fed 's decision , are designed to ensure that the securities activities are `` only an insubstantial line of activity . ''
moreover , ticket splitting appears to take the same peculiar pattern at the state government level as it does at the federal level . state government is more typically split along republican-governor/democratic-legislature lines than the reverse .
it sparked the current dispute this summer by questioning a customs service ruling that its boards fell within the tariffs ' reach . the washington computer trade group said it understands international business machines corp. was also affected by the new tariffs , because it buys boards for its new personal system/2 line of pcs from matsushita electric industrial co. of japan .
but things quickly became bleak again . we entered another dry period , and sharks carried away our lines before we could catch any more edible fish .
`` hull considered the suggestion a moment . `` all right , mr. morris , have everything over five inches made up into a line , and send the launch and cutter ahead with a kedge anchor .
the craze began in 1983 , when mattel put up $ 7 million to help fund the production of 65 half-hour episodes of `` he-man . `` by year 's end , sales of masters of the universe , the line that included the he-man toy , had nearly tripled , making it one of 1983 's hottest-selling toys .
there goes her goddamned placenta ! `` have you still got her husband on the other line ? `` he asked .
guthrie birkhead , dean of syracuse university 's maxwell school of citizenship and public affairs , notes that in recent years , businesses have `` raided '' his school and recruited around 10 % of each graduating class . `` but it 's not that disturbing , '' he says , `` because the line between the public and private sectors is blurring .
compaq computers range in price from about $ 2,000 to about $ 9,000 . the increases -- similar to gains the company has registered in previous quarters -- indicate that compaq 's products are faring well despite new competition and uncertainty created by international business machines corp. 's new line of personal computers that debuted on april 2 .
meanwhile , expenses climbed 12.2 % to $ 2.49 billion from $ 2.22 billion . the company said more than 185,000 new access lines were added in its nine-state territory , boosting the total to more than 15.9 million .
then he was stopped abruptly a third time . the hunter gave the line an angry jerk only to be pulled savagely backwards onto the seat of his sealskin pants .
while 15 of the 16 largest software companies are on the east or west coasts , wordperfect is in utah . when most software companies complain about the cost of answering questions from users , wordperfect provides a toll-free line for its customers ' calls .
with the heavy competition for systems , even some of the more aggressive bidders are being priced out of some markets . `` we just bid $ 2,000 per subscriber for some rather ordinary systems and we were sixth in line , '' says jeffrey a. marcus , chairman of denver-based western tele-communications inc .
the 1990 accord lx will start at $ 14,895 , up 5 % from the year-earlier price of $ 14,180 . at the top of the accord line , honda essentially consolidated two models into one .
automatic data processing inc. said fourth-quarter earnings rose 9 % and predicted a more than 10 % increase in per-share earnings for the new fiscal year . the computer-services company attributed the earnings growth to strength in its employer-services and dealer-services businesses , and said it expects both those lines to have double-digit growth in the year ending june 30 .
another job for the monitors is steering customers to megaquest 's out-and-out porn services . one wall poster in the new york office lists a special number and adds `` the most important line !
but he was understood in spite of the impolite waves and two crewmen carefully hooked a resplendent chromium ladder to the gunwales . needing no urging , dennis let go his hold of the parachute lines at the same instant that he stretched out his arms to grab the tubular sidepieces .
her question how can she raise a child on a $ 1.75 refund check ? then there is the girl who ran up a $ 600 telephone bill dialing toll-call party lines .
in my best imitation of ethel merman , i sang a few choruses about being tired , and then drifted into a noisy sleep on ms. raiken 's shoulder . she elbowed me and i awoke with a start , belting out a few more off-key lines about fatigue and life .
`` hold the rod , `` freddy repeated grimly ; he began sawing on the line with his penknife ; the shark was twisting at the end , swinging back and forth like a pendulum . as freddy slashed through the line , lynn and george toppled over backward , and the shark , as amazed as any of them , dropped with a towering splash into the piranha tank .
and many expressed the hope for continued clear , mild weather . sunshine eased the pain of standing in long lines to enter some crowded stores along new york 's fifth avenue .
in turn , stora is a big customer of forestry chemicals from swedish match and the two firms already collaborate on development of new pulp bleaching products . in recent years , swedish match has grown aggressively by adding home-improvement and packaging acquisitions to its original line of matches and other consumer products .
because of the ambiguity , he says if brokers are asked directly , `` the safer course . . . is to disclose . i wish we could give more specific advice to our members as to where the line should be drawn .
another hot new market sophisticated gear for business and industry . canon u.s.a. inc. aims at government , the media and real estate with its electronic still camera , which does n't use film and can transmit pictures over telephone lines .
last september , at & t was told to file tariffs with the commission covering `` the complete interstate foreign exchange service . `` it will be some time before these rates are filed , says an fcc official , because the ruling affects literally thousands of foreign exchange lines .
gillette recently acquired a majority interest in another french manufacturer of expensive pens , waterman s.a. that acquisition is intended to broaden gillette 's papermate pen line to include pens in the $ 60 to $ 80 range , gillette officials said .
despite apple 's emphasis of late on the business market , schools and students still represent a big slice of apple 's business pie . indeed , apple 's original apple ii computer line is still a mainstay in many classrooms , accounting for nearly 40 % of the company 's total sales , analysts estimate .
so yesterday 's fall stunned some analysts . it came after the austin , texas , company , which designs and rents a line of specialized beds for the acutely ill , reported third-quarter per-share earnings of 15 cents , compared with nine cents before an extraordinary item the year earlier .
the initial pact called for a merger of henkel 's and new york-based colgate 's production facilities , but would have kept their marketing separate . instead , henkel will sell cotelle 's soap and bleach lines , which have annual turnover of about 550 million french francs , to colgate for 925 million francs .
to lincoln 's charge that popular sovereignty was incompatible with the dred scott decision , douglas replied that citizens of a territory could bypass the decision simply by failing to pass laws to protect slavery , since slavery obviously could not exist anywhere without laws to protect it . the reply was sufficient to let douglas gain re-election to the senate in illinois , but it split the democratic party into slavery and popular-sovereignty factions which divided along sectional lines .
the industry , suffering from a drought of new products for more than a year , is still groping for a major crowd-drawer . in a rush to imitate the strong sellers , manufacturers have cluttered the major categories -- particularly the `` action toy '' line that features such items as g.i . joe , transformers and silverhawks .
a number are testing lighter weight paper and smaller catalogs . others plan to cut out entire lines of low-margin merchandise that they can no longer afford to sell by mail .
only by banding together do they have the $ 200 million in sales needed to support a decent research budget in a rapidly changing technology . and then there is the belgian producer of processed meats -- the largest producer in its specialty lines within the common market but still with sales of only about $ 60 million a year .
sources put the price at $ 125 million to $ 150 million . at the same time , revlon agreed to sell bain de soleil , one of the acquired lines , to cincinnati-based procter & gamble co. 's richardson-vicks subsidiary .
`` we 'll bring the bristol in , `` he called , indicating a motorboat swaying on its moorings . dick waved that he understood , then lowered his water skis to the sand and started to uncoil a tangled line , tossing an end to alan carlisle .
in this case , the government said , the aim was to claim unlawful tax losses . defense lawyers argued in their 43-page memorandum that there was a long line of cases allowing tax losses in cases that were almost the same as the one against the princeton/newport defendants .
such a trading strategy would ordinarily be a prescription for instant losses . but the trader says he was merely following instructions from his client -- a fed dealer on the other end of a dedicated private telephone line .
< p > @ judge anthony kennedy concluded his testimony for his supreme court nomination , walking a fine line between liberal and conservative senators concerned about where his legal views fit on the political spectrum .
but he said lenders are `` working hard to find a viable way to continue to support this company . `` the former zayre corp. chairman also said regina has temporarily stopped selling both its stutz vacuum cleaners , which in july began selling through dealers to small vacuum-cleaner shops , and its more expensive cambridge line of cleaners , which began limited distribution in department stores last summer .
mr. iacocca has repeatedly said he does n't want the nomination and appeared eager to send that message again following the board meeting . `` i 'm stealing a line from the president and going for four more years , but i 'm doing them in detroit , and not in washington , '' he said .
mr. batogowski recently negotiated a licensing agreement with walt disney co. to produce merchandise using disney characters . he also negotiated a similar agreement with mcdonald 's corp. , resulting in the successful mckids clothing line . both ventures are expected to rejuvenate some of sears 's youthful lines .
< p > @ mitsubishi motor sales of america inc. said it raised the prices of its 1988 mirage car line an average of 1.9 % , or about $ 170 .
in one , the `` emma dean `` is caught in a whirlpool , and set spinning about ; and it is with great difficulty we are able to get out of it , with the loss of an oar . at noon , another is made ; and on we go , running some of the rapids , letting down with lines past others , and making two short portages .
i found a light kedge anchor in the fore hold , where such things were kept , and with a deal of exertion got it on deck and into the boat . with a long running line coiled down in the stern , i rowed well out into our little cove and dropped the anchor into the water .
it also will issue $ 23 million in credits on customers ' local phone bills in the same period . some 1.3 million customers with 1.6 million telephone lines will be affected .
i merely lacked the hammer of thigh and hip muscles which normally drive the nail home . the line between me and the youth frolicking in the sea with my girl was a thin one , but i could n't step over it .
tommy thompson , wisconsin 's newly elected republican governor , said yesterday that chrysler also would invest an amount that he did n't disclose , if amc begins its renovation plan . an amc spokesman said that the auto maker needs help from wisconsin to finance the venture in large part because it has been bearing significant costs to get under way production this year of a new line of renault-designed , midsized cars at a new plant in bramalea , ontario .
most people would stay away from it. '' mr . nordmann also suggested that american home probably would be better off buying a company with a stronger prescription-drug line and more patents .
competition has become so heated that bmw of north america inc. , a unit of bayerische motoren werke ag , and mercedes-benz of north america inc. , a unit of daimler-benz ag , recently announced sales incentives to help trim excess inventory -- a rare move for the two west german luxury-car makers . toyota hopes its upscale line will help it hang on to current customers who have had to look elsewhere when trading up to luxury cars , and says it is n't worried about the crowded market .
he also has created two attractive , articulate characters and he has been most fortunate in having them brought to life by accomplished performers . as andrey , robert prosky , a consummate character actor , has the lion 's share of the good lines and he delivers them with easy relish .
a spokesman said the new labels do n't address quality or pricing , but instead attempt to organize sears 's current offerings according to lifestyles of customers it is targeting . the apostrophe line , for example , extends and brings together under a single contemporary label the cheryl tiegs casual clothes and stefanie powers career clothes already sold in sears stores .
we meet host roy scheider in the familiar environs of red square , but immediately we are carried away between the wintry banks of the volga , over the crystalline waters of lake baikal , through the sunlit markets of iblisi , above the misty peaks of the caucasus , and across the golden grasslands of the ukraine . if our mental picture of the u.s.s.r. previously has consisted of gray , grim folk waiting in line to buy a few shriveled vegetables , we 'll be surprised by the stunning cinematography of michael reagan .
of course , the couture collections presented at splashy seventh avenue shows in new york do originate from famous designers ' sketchpads . but most designers also have second-string and third-string lines designed mainly by assistants or licensees and often are no more fashionable and no better in quality than ordinary brands .
at this point jaquith was carrying on a detailed operation for the slayton interests . he had a direct line to the model order room , set up for daily confirmations of purchases and sales .
the premier is the first car for the jeep/eagle division following the purchase of amc last summer . jeep is a solidly successful franchise that appeals to the kind of buyers chrysler wants , but the eagle car line is a decidedly weak sister .
xerox secretary margie filter said crum & forster has helped results in the past two years , and that xerox aims to boost its business products and systems sales through an emphasis on document processing . ms. filter noted that xerox has absorbed punishing price competition from japanese manufacturers and `` re-established itself with a premier copier line . ''
to take on other companies at this time in our life does n't seem wise . `` the company has been adding to its apparel business , with a line of jeans and plans for a line of watches .
he 's very persistent. '' mr . perelman has argued that combining revlon 's cosmetics products with gillette 's personal-care and razor lines would create one of the world 's most formidable consumer-products companies .
and while mr. herbert says he expects the company to grow internally , he says he also expects it to `` be aggressively looking for acquisitions that will dramatically expand the business . `` while the unit has always looked for acquistions , he says , now it likely will be looking more broadly than just at lines that supplement minute maid 's chilled or frozen business .
stouffer said right course 's packages will tell consumers the exact amount of cholesterol , fat and sodium in a given entree and also provide the american heart association 's recommendations for total average daily intake . earlier this year , conagra inc. introduced a similar line called healthy choice .
it was heard by ship brokers in tokyo , and the stock of matsushita broke half a point . kasuo fujima opens a roll of cloth in his kit and removes a length of cod line with triple hooks .
not too young , i 'd say . a new set of nappies suddenly appearing on the line would certainly set the neighbours chattering .
viag 's expansion also has focused on aluminum operations , in its vereinigte aluminium werke ag . viag has increased smelting capacity through the purchase of a 20 % stake in a canadian smelter that is being built . the company also is effectively adding a line , refractory products and industrial ceramics , by boosting its stake in didier-werke ag to 49 % from 27 % .
chances are , the hotel operator will just let the phone in the empty room ring and ring . eventually , the operator may pick up the line , but many do n't , forcing people to call back .
< p > @ gm 's buick division introduced the first of the auto maker 's crucial new line of midsized cars .
increasingly , such products are being made for apple computer inc. 's macintosh . although add-ons are n't yet available to match the features of ibm 's new personal system/2 line , such features as the improved graphics probably will be mimicked soon .
`` there 's a lot to be said for it , '' says william poole , a brown university economist and former presidential economic adviser . `` it would promote clear lines of responsibility . ''
and most standard software is n't yet suited for hard-core commercial computing , such as on-line transaction processing . typical transaction-processing tasks , in which hundreds of terminals interact with a database , include airline reservations , on-line retail-sales tracking and bank teller networks , and such operations are a prime target for the vax line , especially the 9000 .
`` i 'd hit balls nights , mornings , when it rained , when it snowed -- i could never get enough golf , '' remembered zembriski . `` on friday nights after work , i used to sleep in the car at public courses so i could be the first in line , as soon as they opened the doors .
< p > @ anybody who knows anything about political conventions knows that the affair can not truly move forward until a single , wry line from david brinkley defines it , as he has since the beginning of time ( meaning , of course , since the beginning of television ) .
while the campaign was mr. gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it the donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees . and by basing donations on bk doubles , a new double-hamburger line the fast-food chain is trying to push , burger king works a sales pitch into its public-service message .
in addition to commercial markets , digital 's new line targets the low end of the engineering and scientific supercomputer market , when it 's packaged with an optional supercharger , known as a vector processor . digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems that older minicomputers use .
then the company took a hard look at its remaining businesses . `` we asked what was it possible to do to eliminate expense without hurting the long-term vitality of those lines , '' mr. mockler says .
these smaller retailers are adept at exploiting the new consumer niches because they offer depth in a narrow range of products , such as toys or appliances . many general merchandisers -- mobil corp. 's montgomery ward & co. and j.c. penney co. , for example -- have responded by dropping some products to concentrate on fewer lines .
officials of each airline said only that they have held talks with the company about supplying trintex subscribers with the ability to order airline tickets using personal computers . videotex systems distribute interactive information and other services , usually over telephone lines , to users with personal computers .
most were eventually sold . in july , mr. kelly took beatrice 's non-food and specialty lines public as e-ii . american brands ' lines of cigarette , liquor and other consumer brands fit mr. kelly 's expansion strategy .
her asking price is 15 rubles a kilo , which comes to about $ 12.50 a pound at the official rate of exchange . unlike the drab state food outlets , this market , a ruble away from red square by cab , has no lines and the salespeople really want to sell what they 've got .
jack clements slowed the engine to make his dock approach . the change of pace brought the others up , and emil came into the pilothouse while the two crewmen went to bow and stern , ready to make the lines fast to the dock .
posh perfumes are going to the dogs . snooty scents inc. of houston is selling a line of dog shampoos and conditioners that it claims smell like obsession , giorgio , polo and aramis .
clarence m. ditlow iii , executive director , says the ratio of problem vehicles rivals only that of the diesel cars made by general motors corp. in the late 1970s and early 1980s . the winnebago diesel line is `` one of the worst , if not the worst , '' of all vehicles , mr. ditlow says .
he frequents the flea markets . he lines up daily outside state parts shops , fingering a list of scarce bits and pieces .
but a new computer design scrambled that strategy , and digital has fumbled for months in trying to project a coherent new theme , even as it brought out a blizzard of new products . in just a year , the company rebuilt its entire vax minicomputer line .
in its earnings announcement , which came after the stock market closed , coleco said it will seek a buyer for several plastic outdoor product lines that are manufactured at its new york state facilities , including pools , snow products , children 's furniture and tricycles . these lines , which are among coleco 's older products , generated sales of $ 77 million last year , coleco said .
now she is supposed to read two lines `` i 'm the new cleaning lady '' and `` i ca n't work here -- this place is a mess . `` unfortunately , ms. schroeder forgets first one line , then the other .
he seems to believe that south vietnam fell , in part , because u.s. commanders unwisely restrained south vietnamese military commanders . and , as much as some of his other criticisms of the west ring true ( people get more excited about solo adventurers sailing the seas in small boats than tens of thousands of vietnamese boat people cruelly adrift ) , they are n't original in thought or expression , but echo the long line of commentators who see the west imperiled by its love of comfort and lack of intellect .
the 288-page book is based on time magazine 's man of the year issue featuring the soviet leader . with the disbanding of the formal development operations , `` one of the main goals of every publisher and managing editor is to examine potential expansions or line extensions of their properties , '' mr. brack said .
in new zealand there are two groups , maori and pakeha , who believe they have legitimate claims to resources . giving to one group means taking from the other , and the taking in this case is inevitably going to be along racial lines .
unitrode stated that the agency said the concern 's procedures are now `` in compliance . `` unitrode , based in lexington , mass. , said it will resume shipping products in november and will be back to full production of most of its line by january .
but kenneth f. smith , ford 's heavy-truck operations manager , said the company will `` have modernized or replaced every product in the ford heavy-truck line . `` ford said it will move some production of its cargo line of medium and heavy-duty trucks from brazil to ford 's kentucky truck plant in louisville , ky .
international business machines corp. and the personal computer industry are approaching an important crossroads . next month , the computer giant is widely expected to unveil a new line of pcs that will diverge from the industry standard .
the five-year , profit-sharing venture will provide u.s. news organizations , businesses and other users with direct telephone communications and digital transmission of data , photos and other information to and from the soviet union . only 11 dedicated telephone communications lines currently exist between the two countries , company officials said .
but what , exactly ? beyond memorizing the lines and moving about in an appropriate way , what does an actor do ?
he also said the company is considering actions to reduce interest and dividend expense starting in the second half . mattel has said that substantially lower domestic demand starting last year for its masters of the universe and rainbow brite lines of toys are among the main factors troubling the company .
< p > @ thomas industries inc. said it has signed an agreement with schreder lighting of brussels , belgium , to make and market schreder 's line of tunnel lighting products in the u.s. and canada , except quebec .
qmax technology group inc. , dayton , ohio , said it is offering a new line of skin-treatment gels for use by cosmetic companies in their skin-care products . the line is related to a family of drugs similar to retin-a , a vitamin a-related compound made by a unit of johnson & johnson , a new brunswick , n.j.-based health-care products company .
at tampa bay in the nfl , where he signed a six-year , $ 5.25 million contract , life was financially more secure , but professionally precarious . flung into action against the big-time pros behind a weak line , young threw almost twice as many interceptions as touchdowns , and fled with the ball more often than he ran it .
canadian jeep/eagle dealers said sales have also suffered in canada because customers appear somewhat confused over the market niche that premier is attempting to fill . though the premier is aimed directly at ford motor co. 's taurus and sable line , some canadian dealers said buyers expected a less expensive car in a price range similar to the low-price subcompact models amc formerly built .
`` i 'm surprised that would happen . i thought the main line ( business ) was pretty solid , '' said bert metter , who , until late april , was chairman and chief executive officer of thompson 's j. walter thompson usa unit .
to us who are below , it seems impossible to keep the boat from going under the overhanging cliff ; but powell , for the moment , heedless of bradley 's mishap , pulls with all his power for half a dozen strokes , when the danger is past ; then he seizes bradley , and pulls him in . the men in the boat above , seeing this , land , and she is let down by lines .
in national over-the-counter trading yesterday , minnetonka shares jumped $ 3 to close at $ 29.375 . the lines planned for sale are softsoap liquid soap , village bath soaps and shampoos and sesame street bubble bath and shampoo . jerome jenko , minnetonka 's vice president and general counsel , estimated total sales for the three lines at more than $ 50 million last year .
a lot of users were still trying to figure out just what difference ibm 's micro channel makes when rumors began circulating last month about a personal computer coming from big blue that wo n't have the vaunted micro channel . ibm has also been trumpeting another new way to stay on the cutting edge of pc technology take out the old software at the heart of your machines ( dos ) and replace it with a new program ( os/2 -- not to be confused with ps/2 , the name of ibm 's new line of personal computers ) .
richard laster , dna president and chief executive officer , attributed most of the 1987 loss to a decision this year by kraft inc. , glenview , ill. , to withdraw from a national product launch . dna is negotiating with two or three parties for a partnership to replace kraft for the marketing of its vegisnax line of specially bred carrots and celery .
`` we own the roper brand name . we attained that objective and we have full intentions to proceed with our plans to introduce a full line of roper home appliances , '' mr. whitwam said .
one more twist the yen thus raised were `` swapped '' into u.s. dollars for delivery to the canadian government . `` we had several telephone conferences , and at the final bidding , we had people on the line in ottawa , and our people on in toronto , new york , london and on a speakerphone in tokyo , '' says a manager in the tokyo head office .
he would still have liked to use charles russell but he did n't think russell would change his mind . so he picked up a phone whose line was secure and he rang to what russell had once commanded .
now , in what mrs. medrich calls `` that wonderful american phenomenon where a small idea gets institutionalized by the establishment , '' traditional chocolate purveyors are rushing to get on the bandwagon . see 's candy shops , a san francisco-based chain whose logo is a grandmotherly white-haired woman added a truffle line last year and plans to expand it .
the executive expects the company 's onshore and offshore contract drilling services business to have a `` modest profit '' for all of 1988. as reported , the company is considering , among other options , spinning off or selling the drilling-services lines .
< p > @ nord resources corp. , dayton , ohio , said it will spend $ 30 million to expand its jeffersonville , ga. , plant to make several new products for its line of paper filling and coating clays .
he continues at this often thankless job , he says , because of the `` injustices out there . `` he recalls handing out food last christmas to a long line of laid-off workers `` it made me want to hold on to the jobs i have . ''
another , the most famous of the charter fleets , is at kailua-kona , near the famous marlin grounds off the kona coast . the skipper and crew pilot the boat , provide the gear , and bait the lines .
magazines mcgraw-hill inc. 's electronics magazine was acquired by verenigde nederlandse uitgeversbedrijven , the netherlands ' largest publishing group , for an undisclosed price . vnu said electronics , a controlled circulation trade journal that distributes 135,000 copies bimonthly , fits well with its growing line of specialist publications . . .
< p > @ international paper co. 's third-quarter net income rose 6.5 % , reflecting `` solid performances '' by pulp and paper businesses and contributions from specialty lines and acquisitions .
rolm 's operations in europe are much smaller than those in the u.s. in britain last year , ibm and rolm had less than 3 % of the market for large office switchboards , private automated branch exchanges handling 100 or more telephone lines , according to dataquest inc. , a san jose , calif.-based market research firm .
there is much scratching of heads who knows how to shoot a whale ? how big a line we need to hold him ?
chrysler was the loser among the big three with auto sales down 18.5 % to 24,419. a bright spot for the no . 3 auto maker was its truck sales -- including the top-selling minivan and the jeep line , which rose 4.1 % to 30,377 .
but she refuses to buy imported new zealand strawberries at $ 5 or $ 6 a box . `` that 's where i draw the line , '' she says .
poor quality and an unusually high rate of vacuum cleaner returns may have contributed significantly to regina co. 's recently disclosed financial problems . interviews with retailers and vacuum cleaner industry executives indicate that several of regina 's housekeeper cleaner lines have had high rates of return , bringing into question the company 's sales figures .
oldsmobile 's silhouette , which is virtually identical to the pontiac , will start at $ 17,195 . by comparison , much of chrysler 's minivan line is less expensive .
many lobsters are alive and well and living in lost traps , say university of maine researchers . during the past two years , the scientists have studied `` ghost lobster traps '' -- lost ones that sit on the ocean floor after lines to them are severed by storms , passing boats and other strains .
`` take a turn , `` he said quietly to the man . the boat puller obeyed , taking a turn around the little forward thwart and paying the line as it jerked taut .
< p > @ low ingredient costs , heavy promotion of new products and aggressive marketing of established lines such as cereals and frozen food helped profits .
reebok also said it wanted to reassure its dealers that it will stand by the visible products . nike inc. , beaverton , ore. , also offers a line of see-through shoes , called nike visible air .
at & t and sun are expected to announce soon a plan for a software program to make unix easier to use . the minicomputers replacing at & t 's 3b line are scheduled to be launched in the second half of 1989 .
we had nothing to show for our long and agonizing voyage nothing at all except our lives . gray clouds hung low in the sky when u-953 , once again old and rust bitten , fastened her lines at the quay .
they 're packaging it as 'the don kelly portfolio ' instead of as an ongoing company . `` e-ii will include the non-food businesses bci has n't already sold plus some smaller specialty-food lines .
black & decker says it is pulling its lite years , introduced in january 1987 , and just for me flashlights , introduced last month . the towson , md.-based appliance company also says it will delay shipping a line of smoke detectors that contained the kodak ultralife .
he usually does what he sets out to do , '' says stephen carnes , an analyst at piper jaffray & hopwood inc. on wednesday , beatrice filed with the securities and exchange commission for an initial public offering of its remaining non-food businesses and some of its smaller specialty-food lines .
the account is expected to bill about $ 20 million this year , making it one of the largest cosmetics accounts in the u.s. lintas , which has had noxell as a client for 41 years , will continue to create ads for the hunt valley , md. , company 's cover girl makeup and noxema skin cream lines .
`` microwaves have changed our perceptions of time in the '80s much as telephones changed them at the turn of the century , '' says mona doyle , president of consumer network inc. , a consumer research firm in philadelphia . `` it has made even fast-food restaurants not seem fast because at home you do n't have to wait on line . ''
analysts read the results , which were in line with most estimates , as indicating that compaq is still successfully beating back competition from ibm 's new ps/2 line . the most powerful computers in that line , which challenge compaq 's microcomputers aimed at big businesses , were n't available in large quantities until the fourth quarter .
both can be used either in local-area networks or alone . in addition , the line includes a workstation called the s-281 for use in networks and a low-end , stand-alone model called the m-240 .
in the past that strategy has made businesses nervous about buying apple 's maverick machines . but now apple can point to the scuffling going on in the ibm world as a reason to opt for the more stable macintosh line .
even the lowly wastebasket can be made over . king-casey inc. , a new canaan , conn. , design and marketing firm , interviewed 2,000 consumers about their dissatisfactions with wastebaskets and incorporated the results in a new line of trash containers for mobil chemical co. , producer of hefty trash bags .
for example , stafford blaine designs ltd. of minneapolis offers $ 14 white cotton shirts with renderings of renoir 's painting `` two sisters on a terrace '' or gaugin 's `` tahitian landscape . `` at the philadelphia convention , hourlong fashion shows ran twice daily to help retailers appreciate the latest lines of imprintable clothing and graphic designs .
international business machines corp. disclosed that its computer hardware profit margins rose at the end of 1987 , surprising industry analysts and suggesting that its long spell of eroding profitability may finally be over . separately , industry sources said ibm will make a major mainframe announcement next tuesday , and speculated that it will include long-awaited software enhancements that would serve as a midlife kicker for ibm 's tiring mainframe line .
revenue for the latest period jumped to $ 14 million from $ 8.7 million . software 's president and chief executive officer , fred m. gibbons , said `` the continued strength in sales growth is a direct result of our success in selling to corporate accounts , '' with the company 's harvard graphics and first choice software lines pacing the advance .
the failure of judith richards hope to win confirmation to the prestigious appeals court here means the reagan administration has come up short in its effort to completely transform what many lawyers and legal scholars consider the second most important court next to the u.s. supreme court . the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit is split along partisan lines , with reagan nominees enjoying a slim , 6-5 majority .
but now , even the libertine french are cracking down . french entrepreneurs dish out pretty much the same fare that their u.s. counterparts provide `` gab '' lines that dozens of people can dial to converse in language as off-color as strikes their fancy ; private lines for one-on-one dirty talking ; and prerecorded sex chatter .
an important challenge facing mr. adams is the distressed economy of the company 's regional-service territory , which has been hard hit by the drought and energy slump . last year , the company 's telephone business had its poorest annual growth volume for new telephone lines since the great depression . it installed only 8,100 new lines .
compaq computer corp. cut prices on its midlevel computers by 10 % , citing a `` substantial increase '' in manufacturing capacity and a desire to maintain the models ' competitive position . the company cut prices on its line of computers built around the intel corp. 80286 microchip , now the mainstay of medium-priced machines compatible with international business machines corp. computers .
the acquisition will allow bell atlantic to start a new leasing unit for medical equipment , particularly medical imaging devices , the spokesman said . the company intends to fold national funding 's other leasing lines into tricon .
those who are opposed to rape are induced to become naturally hostile toward sex , and those who like sex are inclined to become a bit more kindly disposed toward rape . the entire case against coercive sex rests on denying ms. dworkin 's equation , and insisting on the line of demarcation between voluntary and involuntary intercourse .
< p > @ oklahoma basketball coach billy tubbs likes a good straight line as well as he does running up scores on opponents , so at a press conference the day before his team played kansas in the ncaa championship game here monday night he brightened when he was asked if he thought god might be on kansas ' side in the showdown to come .
< p > @ federal reserve board chairman alan greenspan borrowed a line from his predecessor , paul volcker , and called upon the reagan administration and congress to take further steps toward closing the budget deficit .
in 1978 , the year air travel was deregulated , the airlines carried 275 million passengers ; this year , the total is expected to be more than 450 million . this means crowded parking lots , long lines in restrooms , flight delays and tedious waits for baggage -- which the faa says are bound to worsen unless airport capacity is added .
he was generally optimistic , despite acknowledging that the first half was `` highly disappointing . `` he said the rollout of the 2200 line of mainframes -- whose delay caused some of the recent problems -- `` went , if anything , better than we expected . ''
drew peck , analyst for gartner securities , predicts intel will earn $ 58 million , or 50 cents a share , for the year , on revenue of $ 1.5 billion . mr. peck said intel should begin seeing benefits from cost cuts made last year , and he expects a strong showing from the microprocessor lines .
`` a two-pound bass on a fly-rod is more fun than a six-pounder on a bait-casting rod , '' said mr. kruger . `` because the rod is so long and you hold the line directly in your fingers , you can feel every little fin vibration a bass makes . ''
he figures that a sara lee refrigerated dinner for two , including a side dish and dessert , would run about $ 14 . and sara lee 's line is among the least expensive .
even devoted players finally grew bored as the latest games stopped offering anything new . nowadays , marketers are working to prevent a glut by pulling older lines off the shelf as more games are introduced .
would the speaker make a good parent or not ? `` people really do make almost instantaneous judgments of a person 's personality '' based on opening lines , maintains prof. cunningham .
< p > @ deere & co. reported a 21 % rise in earnings for its fiscal third quarter despite an operating loss in its lawn and grounds-care line .
william e. stevens , executive vice president , proudly describes how the company has reduced the lineup of motors its makes for its power tools to about a dozen models from more than 50. recently , a revamped line of under-the-cabinet spacemaker kitchen appliances was given a sleek , european look that won a top award from the industrial designers society of america .
he disclosed how vulnerable anyone who covers the white house is to the anonymous aides who dispense quotes every day . i think anonymous quotes are often useful , even important , but everyone knows they can also be a tool to push a source 's latest line .
but the agreement gave znaniye the right to omit the final chapter , which deals with religious upbringing of children in the family , according to the russian translator , renata ravich . judging by the lines at the book fair , soviet publishers could make a fortune if they only had the nerve to push religious glasnost a little further .
the designer 's attorney , molly bartholow , said that ms. garratt was forced to start bankruptcy-law proceedings because jerell began withholding her royalty payments last month . jerell paid ms. garratt royalties for the line known as multiples by sandra garratt , which are sold primarily through department stores . ms. garratt sued the dallas apparel maker earlier this year , charging that jerell developed and marketed clothing lines fashioned after her designs , in violation of their contract .
steyr will hold 20 % in the new subsidiary , while man will have management control . the announcement of the transaction came after daf n.v. , an anglo/dutch auto maker , said it dropped its offer to take over steyr 's truck lines after man made a higher counteroffer .
if your muse is n't up to it , no matter . the bard of les-loges-en-josas , france , stephen powelson , stands ready , able and more than merely willing to pour the first 14,300 lines into your ear , from memory -- and in classical greek . soon , he hopes , he will have committed the final 1,393 lines to memory .
high-performance tires , which provide better handling than standard tires , have been increasing their market penetration in recent years . goodyear , with its eagle line , has a commanding lead in the high-performance market .
so , a number of vintners , large and small , are showing signs of battle fatigue . no . 2-ranked heublein inc. , a unit of grand metropolitan plc , is registering steep declines in its almaden and inglenook lines .
he was playing his own game of hide-and-seek , enjoying the protective coloration of his space suit . dillo touched one of the buttons at the platform , and the spool for the fourth hitch reeled in the line slowly .
he said one reason for the expected gain is that the company expects to benefit from the new federal tax law . mr. atwater attributed the gains largely to strong increases in unit volume and market share by the food and restaurant company 's packaged food lines , including cereals , flour , betty crocker baking and dessert mixes and gorton 's frozen seafood .
xylogics inc. , burlington , mass. , said it reached an agreement under which unisys corp. will buy as much as $ 50 million of its computer systems over the next five years . xylogics said unisys will be buying its new annex ii terminal servers , a line it acquired from encore computer corp. last december .
`` it 's great styling , priced right , and it 's the best engineered car buick has ever given us . `` that car is the first in a series of gm-10 products , a new $ 5 billion line of mid-sized cars that will come out over the next two years .
but robert fersh bristles at the notion that soup kitchens are thriving because of spongers . `` if it was all freeloaders , then why did n't we see these lines at soup kitchens seven years ago ? `` asks mr. fersh , food research 's executive director .
hugh woolner shouted as 14 sailed up . lowe tossed over a line and gave them a tow .
if buyers are confused , it is n't surprising . for one thing , the new ibm line is , not coincidentally , called ps/2 .
< p > @ ncr corp. plans to unveil today a line of computer systems for retailers that incorporate recent advances in design intended to prevent system failures .
mr. kavner said a number of customers have been concerned about at & t ending manufacture of computers , a move that analysts believe would cause at & t to take another writedown . jack grubman , an analyst at painewebber inc. , said however that because most of at & t 's minicomputer sales are to the bell operating companies , outsourcing manufacture of at & t 's next line of minicomputers would n't result in a write-down .
who ever would have guessed , when they made fast to the shore , that in ten minutes the diving suit would be called for in such a frantic hurry ? the air pump whispered steadily in his ear as he trailed pipe and lines behind him .
last year , chrysler put about 60 % of that budget into tv , and about 40 % in magazines and newspapers . major auto makers , both domestic and foreign , have usually supported their automobile lines with massive advertising budgets placed largely in television . the shift by chrysler represents the largest proportion of an ad budget dedicated to print by a car line of a major u.s. auto manufacturer in at least two decades , according to jim guthrie , executive vice president of marketing development for the magazine publishers of america , an industry group .
obviously , the lack of turnover in house seats benefits incumbents of both parties . but just as obviously , it entrenches the ideological balance that prevailed when the lines were drawn and the incumbent-protection legislation was passed .
in recent quarters federal has focused on new chicken products that are geared to current consumer trends and also command higher prices . items like its time trimmer line of filleted , quick-to-prepare chicken parts have been paying off .
applications software , such as spreadsheets and word processors , is written to fit `` over '' the operating system . os/2 was introduced april 2 along with the new line of computers from ibm .
it has rebounded a bit to 13.5 % , however , since the company returned to the `` are n't you glad you use dial ? `` line a few years ago . sara lee corp. walked away from the line `` nobody does n't like sara lee '' and experimented with other jingles that never quite caught on with consumers .
standish took the emended proof sheet and left , and goodman picked up the phone and dialed his home number . the line was busy , so he hung up , and almost immediately his phone rang .
monday , nov. 7 , 7-7:30 p.m. est , on hbo ( repeated nov. 11 , 16 , 20 , 26 and 28 ) `` madeline . `` do n't miss this musical version of the famous children 's book that begins `` in an old house in paris that was covered in vines/lived twelve little girls in two straight lines . ''
behind our house in the laundry , mary and tessie spent their mondays on two sides of a big ironing table , passing over the sheets an iron heated by a little coal stove . outside the laundry in a small mosquitoey backyard , bathing suits hung eternally on the line ; there was a big coal bin by the fence .
but lawmakers argue that dropping direct loans would n't save much money and that disadvantaged entrepreneurs would have a hard time competing for the guaranteed loans . `` people are waiting in line for those loans .
in addition , it has notified dealers not to sell paccar trucks produced since april . paccar declined to estimate how much the recall would affect its profitability , but the two truck lines account for about 80 % of the company 's sales .
`` that 's when they 'll be hitting on all eight cylinders , '' montgomery 's mr. jones said . in july , the company is expected to start delivering its new midrange computers ; ibm 's sales of its new personal computer line , unveiled earlier this month , also will be well under way and the company 's expenses should be lower .
but it 's clear that tensions between washington and citicorp are growing rapidly . `` there 's a fine line between being tough and being a spoiler , '' one u.s. official said .
some of these names are dropped for a reason , but most are there primarily to show off mr. wilson 's own literary breadth . the technique reaches a level of distracting absurdity when , to elucidate tolstoy 's increasing contempt for his wife , mr. wilson quotes three lines of a poem by philip larkin , an english librarian born 12 years after tolstoy died and who could not be more remote from yasnaya polyana in sensibility than a martian .
bob kosky was named to the newly created post of president of christian dior sportswear & accessories , a division of this apparel company . mr. kosky , 39 years old , had been president of the men 's knitwear lines .
mr. white pointed out that in fiscal 1985 , sales of computer terminals accounted for 96 % of wyse 's business . after acquiring amdek corp. , a distributor of electronic products , in january 1986 , and after introducing its own line of personal computers , the sales mix shifted considerably .
< p > @ digital equipment is expected to unveil next week low-cost computers and workstations in its popular vax line .
but it must also serve existing buyers of its older computers , which provide the bulk of sales . `` the decline of data general 's existing proprietary products continue to overshadow the transition to the new unix-based line , '' said barry f. willman , an analyst with sanford c. bernstein & co .
for their part , some indigenous valley residents complain that their native soil has already become a veritable colony of the midwest . a latino businessman saw something symbolic about recently spending 20 minutes in a cafeteria line behind a group of winter texans , only to find that the mexican entree was sold out by the time he was served .
clearly they are getting some of the costs out , '' she said . ms. landis noted that ge in the quarter had a restructuring provision equal to $ 54 million , or about three cents a share , related to its appliance business and certain consumer lines .
mr. achenbaum has counted among his clients some of the most visible blue-chip advertisers in the country , including nissan , toyota , seagram and backer spielvogel clients hyundai and j.p. morgan . at backer spielvogel , he will work with clients and potential clients on marketing strategies ; aside from agency compensation issues , he helped nissan , for example , come up with its positioning and pricing for its new infiniti line .
the most powerful model -- which olivetti bought from scottsdale , ariz.-based edge computer corp. -- crunches numbers about four times faster than olivetti 's existing `` line 1 '' minicomputers . the edge model is expected to cost more than twice the 50 million lire of olivetti 's top-priced mini in its current line .
in addition , wolfgang r. schmitt , president of rubbermaid 's home products division , was named executive vice president of the company , placing him in line to succeed mr. williams in the no . 2 spot . in making the announcement , mr. gault said , `` we have now provided a clear line of succession '' when he retires in 1991 as chairman and chief executive .
`` we did consumer research before we made a pricing decision on 'good morning , vietnam ' and were a bit surprised to find such a high desire for ownership , '' says carole black , a disney video executive . `` some people were big robin williams fans ; others did n't get all the funny lines the first time and wanted to view it over and over again .
< p > @ renault and daf trucks nv announced a preliminary agreement to jointly manufacture a line of trucks in britain and france .
< p > @ whittaker corp. said it completed the sale of its health maintenance organization line to travelers corp. for a total of $ 48 million .
as i look back and i think of major cases that have been brought in the past , there 's the whitney case , against the president of the stock exchange for manipulation , a very important case . { in that case , former new york stock exchange president richard whitney pleaded guilty to two counts of grand larceny in 1938 , leading to highly publicized hearings on what william o. douglas , then the sec chief , called `` the whole anatomy of wall street chicanery and corruption . '' } i think this line of cases will be remembered as equally important for their time .
smithkline beckman , based in philadelphia , will own 60 % and sumitomo will own 40 % . the joint venture will be based at smithkline beckman 's tokyo headquarters , and will develop and market the pharmaceutical concerns ' lines of gastrointestinal , cold and analgesic products , including smithkline 's contac and cimetidine , the active ingredient in tagamet .
there is nothing like the used clothing bazaar in kabul on a windy november day . etched against the bleak , drab sky are sweaters , suits , and long underwear that dance merrily in the breeze on myriad lines high above your head .
he prefers not to think about where the goods are headed ; `` i 'm in the sales business , '' he says , `` not delivery . `` local u.s. customs officials try to walk a fine line between cooperating with the mexican counterparts and jeopardizing the rights of the smugglers .
the networks say they have to police commercials , because ads encourage people to imitate them , while programming is merely meant to entertain . typically , advertisers send to the networks storyboards of planned commercials ; then the networks examine every line and nuance , often sending commercials back for changes and sometimes rejecting them altogether .
under the agreement , apple ca n't challenge franklin in court again until late next year . currently , franklin sells a line of apple iie- and iic-compatible machines that it says do n't violate apple 's patents .
its previous offer was about 13.3 million shares . rorer also told robins that its revised acquisition proposal `` contemplates '' the sale of robins 's over-the-counter drug lines , such as robitussin , chap stick and dimetapp , to merrell dow pharmaceuticals inc. for $ 950 million . rorer said it had n't entered a formal agreement with merrell dow , a unit of dow chemical co. merrell dow offered in may to buy those lines directly from robins .
the fishermen ran back with him to boris . many hands grabbed the line from the panting cook .
current sales 1,000 meals a month . two minneapolis-area hospitals plan national distribution this year of their nutritious cuisine line , made by a local food processor . american hospital supply corp. plans a line of special-diet meals to help increase hospital food-service revenues .
you 've created such a clutter that i do n't know what to use . ' this kind of confusion will lend itself to some pretty negative positions for some lines . ''
mr. mcmillin notes hormel is selling at 19 times his estimate of $ 1.50 for next year 's earnings , compared with a multiple of about 16 for all food stocks . like any other high-multiple stock that includes a big bet on some future line , hormel carries the risk that this profusion of new products will fall flat .
in north korea , the propaganda line still contains heavy doses of `` anti-imperialism '' and other , well-worn revolutionary themes . the line that draws the biggest cheer from the ever-cheering crowd at the stadium is , `` u.s .
but no one has the same vacation . `` another spot 's line `` what 's club med ?
more important , however , is the recent exodus of germans from the `` better half '' to the west . there is a long line of east germans waiting to get out .
it has made organ-donor education its public cause , and bowing to `` growing public concern , '' it begrudgingly pulled out of south africa earlier this year . it set up a special 800 inquiry line for reporters , supported a science-journalism project and launched a `` dow lets you do great things '' ad campaign .
in march it is wise to clean cupboards , and cabinets . the closets need a good airing and all the clothes need to be hung on the line in the backyard .
the big pieces left are financial services , auto parts , defense and aerospace , industrial and forest products , communications , and hotels . mr. kelly envisions a manufacturing acquisition that would , for example , add to the auto-parts line .
citing numerous precedents , pennzoil says texaco must prove that pennzoil intended to defraud public shareholders through its early-purchase arrangement with the museum -- proof , it says , that does n't exist . citing equally numerous precedents , texaco and the sec say 10b-13 is a `` bright line '' rule with no room for interpretation -- that by arranging to purchase shares privately with its tender offer outstanding pennzoil walked over the line of legality .
san francisco-based pacific telesis said a robust california economy , streamlined operations and curbs on expenses were the key factors for its profit gain . business and residential lines increased 4 % to 12.7 million , up 488,000 from a year ago .
but congressman richard gephardt of missouri , a rival for the democratic nomination , once charged that the massachusetts governor 's foreign policy experience was limited `` to negotiating with new hampshire gov . sununu over a nuclear power plant . `` in an otherwise strong performance , mike dukakis did little last week to prevent george bush from stealing that line during this campaign .
met with outrage , the plan was hastily abandoned . other innovations , such as banking at home via personal computer and telephone lines , have been painfully slow to catch on .
moreover , the dealers must meet certain sales quotas , carry other designated ibm products , report sales to ibm monthly and bolster customer support . such requirements may force some dealers to drop other brands to spend more time and resources on the ibm line .
total operating expenses increased 15 % in the quarter , primarily because of costs relating to the elimination of silver pages operations and increased telephone company expenditures . the company said more than 83,000 telephone access lines were added in the 1988 second quarter , compared with only 5,000 for the like period last year .
campbell soup co. said it will introduce several frozen-breakfast products , significantly expanding its efforts in one of the food industry 's fastest growing segments . in may , the camden , n.j.-based soup maker will roll out a new line of 99-cent frozen budget breakfasts , as well as a microwaveable belgian waffle that required a tricky technological feat to make it palatable .
he said he 's `` cautiously optimistic '' about getting legislative approval for the financing . he said jan. 25 is the deadline for such approval and for amc to convince state officials that the company can develop the new jeep line .
`` she has a lot of information in her head about the acquiring company and there may be information there that may be useful to supermarkets general in their defense . i think she 's walking a very thin line . ''
marketing the vidal sassoon products to retailers and catalog showrooms accounts for about 80 % of its business . helen of troy also sells its own line of professional hair-care appliances to salons , about 10 % of its sales .
in scenes like the one in which shirer cooperates with a u.s. naval intelligence officer 's request to do a little spying on the side , the film illustrates very clearly that the survival of press freedom depends on that of legitimately constituted government . when confronted with a world-class liar like goebbels , or ( more recently ) with the kind of people who thought nothing of whitewashing the blood from tiananmen square , it 's heartening to know that a line still exists between journalistic pride and journalistic hubris .
< p > @ eastman kodak co. said it will begin marketing a new line of medical kits to be used in physicians ' offices to test for pregnancy and various infectious diseases .
`` to the extent the nomura investment represents a willingness to back contested transactions , it is a strategy different from ours , '' said peter rona , chief executive of ibj schroder bank & trust co. , a u.s. unit of industrial bank of japan . mr. drapkin of the revlon group and some other u.s. merger experts contended that the transaction indicates that japanese firms , led by nomura , will push harder in pursuing u.s. acquisitions , stretching the line between what is a friendly and hostile bid .
< p > @ sparkling water brands asante and saratoga are being sold by anheuser busch cos. , along with the zeltzer seltzer natural soda line .
and at american can in the early 1980s , mr. tsai 's enthusiasm for financial services found a receptive audience . in particular , william woodside , then chairman of american can , embraced mr. tsai 's ideas for pushing into insurance , mutual funds and other financial areas , while shedding the company 's traditional , slow-growth manufacturing lines .
i had held back the intestines to use for bait . cherry weighted his line with a ring and dropped a hook overboard .
< p > @ data general corp. introduced a line of high-performance superminicomputers that vault it past archrival digital equipment corp. in the midrange-computer performance race .
< p > @ home shopping network inc. said its hsn health care services inc. unit has signed an agreement with spiegel inc. to jointly market a line of vitamins , minerals and other health-care products .
independent of congress , several local phone companies already are introducing plans to block calls to porn and gab lines because of complaints by subscribers . bell atlantic corp. plans to block all porn and gab lines in pennsylvania and maryland . customers there that want to dial these services would have to write the phone companies to unblock the lines .
she waited while her host removed a dismantled speaker assembly on his single upholstered chair and flicked the cushion in a grand manner with his pocket handkerchief . she took the hand he offered to aid her cakewalk to the chair over the coiled lines .
jerome jenko , minnetonka 's vice president and general counsel , estimated total sales for the three lines at more than $ 50 million last year . mr. jenko said the planned sale is part of a strategy to focus on the company 's higher-margin lines , which include obsession perfume and cologne and other calvin klein fragrances . also , minnetonka said it signed an agreement in principle to market calvin klein industries inc. 's lines of women 's small leather accessories world-wide under the calvin klein trademark .
in the nine months , earnings fell 49 % to $ 41.4 million , or 71 cents a share , on a 1.9 % drop in revenue , to $ 966.7 million , from a year earlier . this year 's results reflect the general softness in the toy industry , as well as disappointing sales for hasbro from several new products -- including air raiders , battle beasts and visionaries in the boys ' action line ; and jem in the girls ' doll category , mr. hassenfeld said .
`` but currency exchange rates ca n't be neglected , and now they have to be given new emphasis. '' mr . poehl is walking a fine line .
but robert giordano , an economist at goldman , sachs & co. , expressed concern that political considerations might lead mr. greenspan , a republican , to tolerate a slight pickup in inflation for the sake of better economic growth . `` volcker drew a line at 4 % inflation , '' mr. giordano asserted .
its share of the bar-soap market slid to about 11 % from 17 % . it has rebounded a bit to 13.5 % , however , since the company returned to the `` are n't you glad you use dial ? `` line a few years ago .
whether a cash crunch might eventually force the company to cut its quarterly dividend , raised 36 % to 75 cents a share only a year ago , has become a topic of intense speculation on wall street since mr. stookey deflected dividend questions in a sept. 29 meeting with analysts . some viewed his response -- that company directors review the dividend regularly -- as nothing more than the standard line from executives .
john w. hunefeld , '' read a jan. 2 , 1936 , news item , `` . . . walked through the snow to the white house today to retain a hollow title . since 1926 hunefeld had claimed the distinction of being first in line for the traditional new year 's day reception there .
< p > @ kaypro corp. , which entered the computer sales market in 1982 with a line of transportable computers , said it discontinued the line , and partly as a result , the computer products concern posted a fiscal fourth-quarter net loss .
perhaps mr. brinkley means his story as a sort of allegory on how the world may end in a whimper . if so , the moral lies in a line by tennyson `` to strive , to seek , to find , and not to yield . ''
revenue from basic telephone service increased 2.7 % to $ 805 million , while revenue from long distance calls made in the same area code climbed 4.6 % to $ 581 million . pacific telesis installed 207,000 new customer lines , a 4.2 % increase , for a total of 12.95 million access lines .
`` at night , before we 'd go to sleep , jack liked to play some records ; and the song he loved most came at the very end of this record . the lines he loved to hear were 'do n't let it be forgot , that once there was a spot , for one brief shining moment that was known as camelot . ' ''
at a news conference scheduled for today at the marriott marquis hotel in new york , compaq will roll out some computer industry royalty -- its own president , rod canion , plus a triumvirate of software princes chairmen william gates of microsoft corp. , edward m. esber of ashton-tate co. and jim p. manzi of lotus development corp. the purpose to put out the word that the new line of computers from international business machines corp. has n't locked compaq computers out of important future advances in software .
he added that , `` by the 1990s , concern about ibm 's dominance of the industry will resurface . `` still , it remains to be seen how fully customers will adopt the 9370 mid-range line and ibm 's new line of personal computers .
last year , the company said it hoped to introduce american shoppers to its chilled fare through kings supermarkets inc. , a small chain of upscale new jersey grocers that it had just acquired . except to say that a coming launch of new food lines would be `` significant , '' a spokeswoman last week would n't elaborate on the company 's plans .
yet even mr. amerman 's impressive international experience does n't always prepare mattel for the quirks of some foreign markets . the company recently started operations in india and was surprised to find that the masters line and hot wheel cars far outsold the perennial star , barbie .
man and hoesch added 2.50 each to 129 and 97.50 , respectively . but kloeckner humboldt-deutz , reeling from heavy losses in its agricultural machinery lines , fell 2 to 79 .
in the over-the-counter market , sun microsystems rose 1 3/4 to 34 1/8 , microsoft gained 7 1/4 to 106 1/4 , lotus development advanced 2 1/2 to 31 and apollo computer added 2 to 20 1/8 . apple computer , which plans to create an independent software company to develop and publish software for two of its computer lines , moved up 2 to 77 in otc trading as volume topped 1.4 million shares .
many of those downtown workers who arrived at their offices after the quake were turned away . stores and bank branches in the area did n't open or opened late , and telephone lines into the los angeles area were overloaded for several hours following the quake .
but humanitarian assistance , traditionally the domain of civilians , is geared more toward providing food , clothing or medical services to individuals . in vietnam , the lines between the military and civilian agencies became blurred , with intelligence operators , for example , often using positions in the agency for international development , or aid , as `` cover . ''
`` lorillard wo n't publicly admit it made a mistake , even though the people there are concerned about the controversy and will be altering the ads , '' says a source close to the company . but sara ridgway , a lorillard spokeswoman , asserts that the campaign wo n't be killed and that if there are any changes , `` the essence of the ads , including the line , 'the experience you seek , ' will remain the same . ''
outside the courtroom , ibm is issuing strong warnings that rivals wo n't be able to build a legal clone of its newest pcs unless they get patent licenses from ibm -- a requirement that could present a new barrier to entering the clone market . big blue already has filed two unusually broad lawsuits against alleged infringers of the trademark for its four-month-old pc line , called the personal system/2 .
but the accounting profession should still be careful of where its management-consulting business is headed . when it moves over the line of giving advice to making the actual business deals and directing business strategy for audit clients , it may encounter the ire of congressional watchdogs .
`` maybe you 've caught a whale ! `` the shining line came up out of the water .
`` the firm has not given us formal notice , but we have it on sufficiently reliable sources that they are doing this , '' said jay biggins , executive director of the city 's office for economic development . mr. biggins said the city went as far as it could to inspire penney to stay but added , `` the city draws a line beyond which it ca n't go , in order to remain fair to other companies . ''
the company is n't expected to contract for production of any more unix pcs this year because the machine has n't sold well . sales of the 6300 line also have been below expectations recently .
we looked more like undernourished and fatigued jungle fighters . our lines were thrown ashore .
the whale is no less astounded than the boy . the line speeds from the bucket like a living thing .
as he came alongside , a hatchway opened in the side of the ship above him . a line was played down to the rowboat .
by april , suzuki expects to ship 20,000 of the cars and 30,000 of the sport-utility vehicles to the u.s. versions of both vehicles will be imported by general motors corp. for its new geo line .
singer is considered by analysts to be an excellent takeover target . while the company 's divestiture of its sewing line last year was hailed by shareholders and analysts , its top management has n't always received the highest praise .
< p > @ american home products corp. , seeking to shore up its contraceptive-products line in the face of generic competition , agreed to acquire vli corp. for $ 7 a share , or about $ 86 million .
what 's your trouble ? `` on the other end of the line , in the forward torpedo room of the squalus , lt. ( j. g. ) john nichols struggled to maintain his composure .
but its task is formidable . the company 's model 64 computer is mature , and its personal-computer line is up against stiff competition from giants like international business machines corp. , apple computer inc. and tandy corp .
because they have sold well , software companies have released more programs for the macintosh line , including some solid business software . the macintosh ii , which is roughly equivalent in power to the high end of the new ibm line , is overpowered for the home market .
< p > @ international business machines corp. is unleashing an aggressive legal campaign to protect its new line of personal computers from clones .
here at the festspielhaus , the world 's wagner shrine , they have found the antidote for the master 's long operas -- long intermissions and long buffets . in a ritual i never grow tired of seeing , the blond young man lifts the cover off the tureen and the mere glimpse of those fat , white , green-flecked weisswurst ready to bust their skins revives everybody on line like the unveiling of the holy grail in the master 's `` parsifal . ''
`` the quote was slightly over 550 per share . there was more mumbling at the other end of the line .
and as they got more involved in the spirit of the season , adult costume parties evolved as a tonic for bored yuppies . adult halloween parties have ballooned 25 % in the past three years , estimates hallmark cards inc. , which introduced a line of halloween gifts and novelties two years ago .
a year earlier , net income was $ 87 million , or $ 1.39 a share . the latest period 's deficit reflects a $ 51.9 million loss from discontinued operations , largely from losses in the multiple employer trust group health line .
in the past five months , no fewer than five bids have been made for becor , a century-old rust belt fixture in south milwaukee , wis. becor 's excavation equipment lines are well regarded , and they fit well with most of the suitors ' businesses .
in a meeting on how to trim fat from the budget , omb director miller downs an entire two-pound bag of m & ms . . . . jokesters suggest this opening line for sen. biden next week when he meets neil kinnock , the british politician whose words he cribbed `` stop me if you 've heard this one. '' . . .
the price on the galant four-door automatic-transmission model rose 3.4 % to $ 11,819 from $ 11,429 . the company also said it raised prices on its mirage line by 3 % across the board , including a $ 350 price increase to $ 11,969 on its most expensive mirage , the turbo-charged hatchback model .
pennzoil last week purchased advertisements in 35 u.s. cities and in the international herald tribune . the top line read , `` on november 13 , 1987 , the wall street journal refused to run , unedited , this pennzoil ad . ''
to help doctors and medical students sort through the thousands of pills and potions on the market , another computer program called mcdope , written at mcmaster university in ontario , allows the user to administer drugs to a variety of patients and immediately witness the likely results . until it was revised , the program included this line `` your patient just died ; do you have a good lawyer ? ''
volvo cars , a dutch auto maker , is owned 70 % by the dutch government and 30 % by volvo , a swedish auto maker . the dutch economics ministry said that as part of the debt rescheduling , a second dedicated trust would be created to help fund future model lines .
after a swig , mr. carosi says , the doll burps . and then there 's the designer cabbage patch line that features dolls dressed in trendy fashions .
since being taken private in april 1986 in a $ 6.2 billion leveraged buyout , beatrice has rapidly reduced its debt by selling various units . last month , it said it plans an initial public offering for its remaining non-food businesses and some of its smaller specialty-food lines .
pfizer , new york , said sales rose 8.9 % to $ 1.34 billion from $ 1.23 billion , reflecting gains in all five of its business segments . sales rose 9 % for health-care lines , 13 % for agriculture , 12 % for consumer products , 8 % for materials science and 4 % for specialty chemicals .
coleco said cabbage patch kids sales underwent a 62 % decline in 1986 to about $ 230 million from $ 600 million a year earlier . moreover , toys introduced by coleco in 1986 -- including its rambo , furskins and wrinkles lines of toys -- did n't do much to offset coleco 's declining sales .
sales rose 27 % to $ 199 million from $ 157.2 million . the company said its salon selectives line was one of the fastest growing brands in the industry in the quarter .
< p > @ international business machines corp. said it revamped its wheelwriter line of typewriters , with the addition of five new machine models and the modification of three others .
norman g. fosback , editor of new issues newsletter , says gitano is `` attractive '' at 18. start-up costs for gitano 's new menswear line and the unfavorable retail climate are drawbacks , says mr. fosback .
the suits were filed in los angeles by sable communications of california inc. , a unit of carlin communications inc. , and in new york by a group named the consenting adults telephone rights association . marketing eastman kodak co. 's verbatim corp. introduced a line of color computer diskettes , double-sided and double-density , to help organize files .
`` they 've got a lot of different balls in the air at the same time , '' observes jim poyner , a computer securities analyst with dallas-based william k. woodruff & co. mr. dell , meanwhile , concedes the company was `` definitely too optimistic '' in its expectations . product delays , however , have left dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread-and-butter line of desktop computers , as powerhouse competitors compaq computer corp. and international business machines corp. price their pcs more aggressively .
computer associates has grown rapidly by focusing on a part of the software market called systems utilities , which let data processing centers manage their operations more efficiently . it has also made a series of acquisitions to broaden its line of business software , adding such products as a spreadsheet and a word processor .
digital is likely to promote it for companies that link many computer users to a central database , one of the fastest growing applications for big computers . the announcement of a more powerful mainframe computer in digital 's vax line , has been widely expected , but maynard , mass.-based digital had n't given any details until william demmer , a vice president , mentioned it last week at a user group meeting in california .
originally part of the offering , the lines will remain part of mr. farley 's huge privately held conglomerate . the boot lines contributed less than 5 % of pretax profit of the farley apparel operations .
in doing so next week , compaq will be directly challenging ibm 's new line in the big business market . that is a sign of compaq 's belief that buyers still are n't completely enamored of the new ibm line , and also , perhaps , that the new ibm computers are proving more difficult to copy both technically and legally than the old line .
the chip is the piece of silicon that actually performs computations . the lisp chip is now available only in texas instruments ' explorer ii line , which was introduced last summer .
but if the johnson-led group were to win the company with a higher bid , it would have to do much the same . the $ 75-a-share offer contemplated keeping the tobacco line and the best parts of nabisco brands , if proceeds from certain asset sales and financing terms allowed it .
only two things have to `` go wrong at the same time and there are going to be problems '' at a bank , he added . some bankers concede a compromise on capital adequacy requirements will have to be worked out as securities regulators decide where to draw the line between banking and securities businesses .
kodak also disclosed flaws that lower the supposed 10-year life of its ultralife nine-volt batteries . black & decker , one of kodak 's largest battery customers , is pulling thousands of flashlights from stores and stopping shipment of a new line of smoke detectors that carried the battery .
he got the job . now mr. murphy treads a thin line between the hackers he reveres and the corporate clients he reviles . the line is so thin that critics doubt that his reformation is real .
competition did , as advertised , save money , but it also made inside information far more valuable -- and threatening to the entire procurement system itself . operation ill wind , the code name for the two-year investigation blowing like a typhoon through the pentagon , is showing that some competitors are going over the line in vying for contracts , which now total more than $ 160 billion a year .
the new pathway clears some of the bottlenecks of the pathway in other compaq computers , which are based on the design set by international business machines corp. with its ibm pc in 1981. the change is significant because ibm made changes to the pathway -- which it calls the `` microchannel '' -- in its new line of computers introduced in april .
he recalls with amusement the time he literally locked the office doors and dispatched all his marketing people to the field for three days . mr. sharer says he even plans to print up signs for himself and his subordinates with novelist john le carre 's line `` a desk is a dangerous place from which to watch the world . ''
from a plastic bag in the box she chose a few slices of fish which had been taken from their remaining stock . she baited the hooks and turned the line over to freddy . spreading full-length on the edge of the skylight , freddy lowered the line into a likely-looking tank directly underneath the open pane .
sales at sears stores open at least a year declined slightly for the quarter , analysts said . and profits were hurt by higher markdowns on apparel at the stores and on several lines of catalog merchandise sears is trying to clear out before eliminating , the analysts said .
doc leaped . doc , with not a ghost of a safety line attached to him , darted past us like a human rocket .
the vital judicial issue is apt , therefore , to be their accommodation . decisions thus become essentially a matter of drawing lines .
a spokesman also said margins for the company 's service business narrowed somewhat because of heavy investments made in that sector . the lack of a strong product at the high end of digital 's line was a significant drag on sales .
west point-pepperell inc. , west point , ga. , posted a 4.7 % rise in fiscal first-quarter profit from continuing operations . a 21 % to 24 % jump in sales of textiles was n't matched by the company 's apparel lines .
during the early 1980s , investors were obsessed with the weekly money statistics . long lines formed in the lobby of the federal reserve bank of new york each week , and dozens of fed-watchers churned out lengthy treatises on what each squiggle in m1 might mean .
living conditions are cramped and spartan , and temperatures usually top 100 degrees . two chow lines , `` one spicy and one regular , '' meet the needs of both the military and about 50 indian and filipino civilian workers living aboard , he said .
alternative cards -- now the industry 's hottest sellers and still growing -- represent between 17 % and 22 % of all cards sold . the big three are making their gains in the alternative card market largely at the expense of tiny competitors , who were successful early on in offering such lines .
right now you may be in love with rachael and trying to know the limits of that love . apparently the line is drawn short of marriage .
slightly better financed and more ambitious entrepreneurs have launched cottage industries to turn out canned fruits , ketchup , shoes and handicrafts . even more intrepid are government workers who spend hours away from their desks enduring long , snailing lines in order to buy such carefully rationed items as soap , shampoo , diapers and clothing .
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , mattel closed yesterday at $ 7.875 a share , up 25 cents . a mattel spokesman said the company was concerned about the lackluster u.s. sales of most products except the `` barbie '' doll line .
keystone camera products corp. said it granted to mitsubishi international corp. the rights to distribute keystone 's 35mm cameras in japan . mitsubishi international , a unit of tokyo-based mitsubishi corp. , will sell the full line of keystone cameras , including the le clic and regency models .
`` to even comment on this is risky for a presidential candidate , '' says david keene , an adviser to mr. dole . `` you have to walk a fine line .
power-tool sales have been brisk , he said , and the company `` has been bringing out home-run products in the accessories area , such as the bullet pilot point drill bit and piranha saw blade . `` he expects the company to unveil another significant accessories line early next year .
`` so what are you going to get with jesse jackson ? you 'll have longer welfare lines , and the lady in front of you in the supermarket line is going to have veal and shrimp and steaks , and i got chopped meat , and she 's got food stamps , and i got to count my dollars . ''
though bausch & lomb argued against the recall , it said the court order would n't affect its finances because retail inventories of the solution are small . the rochester-based company said it had already introduced an improved line of saline solutions known as hypo-clear .
but he plummeted almost overnight both in ratings and sales , forcing stores to institute steep markdowns . retailers are already worried that last year 's high-roller , pumpkin productions ' oh lanterns line of grotesque , polyurethane pumpkin faces , is heading the same way .
it is the world 's leading corporate raider talking , addressing the crowd on finance . one almost expects , at some point , to hear that unnerving line , greed is good .
dallas-based neiman-marcus is increasing its use of private-label goods , partly to replace apparel by liz claiborne and evan picone , whose brands were dropped last year because the chain felt they were overexposed . one of neiman-marcus 's best sellers last winter was a line of private-label cashmere sweaters priced from $ 150 to $ 250 .
the result , he says `` fairly easy pickings . `` budget gourmet has found a niche between campbell 's expensive le menu line and its cheaper but lower-quality swanson tv dinners . new production facilities help keep costs down , and all american goes another step by skipping le menu 's plastic plates or the boil-in bags used by nestle 's stouffer 's line .
new line of personal computers was among its best sellers in
`` we are confident of being supported by the banks , '' a daimler spokesman said , adding that he could n't confirm recurrent speculation that daimler-benz has amassed more than its recorded 56 % stake in open-market acquisitions . by taking full control of aeg , daimler can step up implementation of its strategy of integrating aeg 's electronics business into its automotive and technology lines and reducing aeg 's former emphasis in consumer appliances .
rick anguilla , editor of toy and hobby world , said korean contractors make many of the `` plush '' category of toys , such as stuffed animals . toy companies with big `` plush '' lines include hasbro , russ berrie , coleco , viewmaster ideal group and tonka . coleco has a hot toy based on the `` alf '' tv show , viewmaster has a new line of `` michael jackson 's pets , '' and tonka sells `` pound puppies , '' mr. anguilla noted .
fred muttered something aloud about how , after all , his student did n't really know how to drive , and you never knew when she might step on the gas pedal . the line parted , and fred , wielding his lollipop stick , motioned for me to move on .
< p > @ rjr nabisco inc. said it expects to retain at least 95 % ownership of its tobacco business if it decides to spin off the line in a master limited partnership .
but judging from their vastly different marketing methods , the cattle auctions might as well be on different planets . superior livestock auction , which has headquarters here and in brush , colo. , uses a satellite dish , dozens of camera crews , nationally distributed catalogs and hundreds of telephone lines and video screens to market steers that never leave the ranch until they are sold .
since january , southwestern bell has sold about 16,000 new lines to current business customers by introducing them to various features of integrated services digital network , such as `` inspect , '' which displays the name and telephone number of the party calling . impressed by what they learned in the lab , tenneco inc. , shell oil co. and minnesota mining & manufacturing co. each bought more than 3,000 new lines . for instance , the laboratory experience helped houston-based tenneco to decide to buy 3,900 more lines for an advanced network that integrates voice and data traffic .
american brands inc. will sell e-ii holding inc. to closely held riklis family corp. , in a transaction that enables the company to shed most of e-ii 's businesses and all of e-ii 's $ 1.5 billion in high-yield debt . american brands ' move -- a complex agreement which will sell e-ii 's samsonite luggage and culligan water treatment lines , among others -- was praised by wall street analysts .
the company posted a $ 42.1 million gain from the sale of its 17 % interest in cantel , a canadian cellular company . business and residential telephone lines increased 2.4 % to 15.2 million , up 354,000 from a year ago . cellular-mobile lines grew 58 % to more than 100,000 .
cost-control measures have improved margins , he added , saying , `` we 're well-positioned to be a lot more competitive . `` about 75 % of anticipated sales this year are expected to be to new customers , many of them cardiologists and internists , as the company introduces a line of desktop units to help detect heart and lung disease .
in 1987 , the group had operating income of c $ 20.7 million on sales of c $ 224 million . mr. tapp said the group is emphasizing specialized products , such as its cardene line of folding cartons , which combine plastic and cardboard materials .
should -- and can -- the schools , many of which are already overburdened , take on the added reponsibility ? how sharply should the line be drawn between the schools ' educational and care functions ?
when she surfaces , she is friendly but blunt . `` you know i always tell the truth , '' she warned one designer who asked what she thought of the line of blue jeans and sweatshirts he 'd just lovingly presented .
take information services . advances in technology since the time of the decree mean that computers can more easily communicate with each other over telephone lines -- that 's especially important now that there are an estimated 12 million home computers in america , apart from the millions of office systems .
the company said the shortage has n't interrupted shipments of existing products . as previously reported , however , hewlett-packard has delayed since march introduction of a new model of its vectra line of office personal computers , `` solely because we knew we would n't be able to get sufficient chips to produce it . ''
i grinned and said , `` back to your crime clippings , sister . bertha cool will be in directly , and i 've got to get an attorney on the line and get irene addis to file a petition for the probate of the last will and testament of herbert jason dowling .
eight of the farm credit system 's 12 regional banks for cooperatives voted to merge into a single national bank with $ 9.3 billion in assets . the new consolidated bank , which will begin operations jan. 1 in denver , will be authorized to provide a full line of financial services to agricultural cooperatives and rural utilities anywhere in the u.s .
to combat the critics , interactive telemedia , a los angeles-based firm specializing in 900 numbers for the entertainment business , has come up with a system to block multiple calls . its system would allow a movie line , for example , to accept only a certain number of calls from a single phone number .
what shocks at first becomes routine the fourth time , and `` normal '' the 14th . the line in mainstream films was crossed in 1976 in `` silver streak , '' a successful comedy with gratuitous violence spicing up the slapstick .
mr. gumucio said cray is encountering discount pricing by ibm , particularly in bidding for university contracts . convex is being aggressive in battling for departmental-sized machines , at the low end of cray 's line .
those drawbacks likely mean that as many as a third of ibm 's current dealers will either decide not to carry the new products or wo n't qualify . but dealers say they like ibm 's moves to use the new computer line to lock in big-business customers , and those dealers who remain will have pledged allegiance to big blue .
the survival rate for most new toys is pretty dismal . but tyco toys inc. has devised a marketing strategy for one of its new toy lines that sounds practically suicidal .
presidential contender goldwater would have been a lot better off in 1964 if he had only seen fit to credit the real author of what turned out to be the most self-destructive lines ever uttered in a campaign speech `` i would remind you . . . extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice . `` the real author , whose line sen. goldwater changed slightly , was cicero . had the senator not neglected to mention this fact , the line , needless to say , would have been treated with the respect usually accorded the wisdom of the ancients rather than as the extremist frothings of the candidate of the lunatic right .
but the mystery behind that failure is one reason mr. hatch loves junk mail so it 's both mathematically precise ( results of a mailing can be measured to the hundredth of a percentage point ) and completely unpredictable . when historical times co. was soliciting customers , in a so-called dry test , for civil war-related products that did n't yet exist , the company 's lawyers insisted that the package include a microscopic line noting that the offer was contingent on receiving enough orders . that line , the only difference between the new mailing and earlier ones , increased response by 15 % .
the slower sales growth for personal computers also triggered a shakeout among personal-computer dealers that thinned their ranks by more than a third . and , as if that were n't enough , last year personal-computer prices were driven down by the many clones of ibm 's standard-setting pc line of computers .
will he try to take her home ? `` you are putting me in a very delicate position , '' he says , in what seems to be a stock line for august bachelors .
he has performed at the universities of arkansas , colorado and massachusetts and at tulane university , among other places . his wife of 47 years , esther , says that mr. powelson is constantly mastering new lines .
nevertheless , the composer called his `` desert song '' a romantic operetta and it was staged as such at the 1926 premiere . society having made a few small advances since then , director/choreographer robert johanson staged the piece as a parody , apparently revising parts of the libretto though i would n't own up to it if i were he since no line uttered suggested a modern mind at work .
all major dealers are `` certainly less aggressive '' in positioning large blocks of bonds , says robert dennis , president of massachusetts financial service 's mfs managed municipal bond trust . the brokerage firms are walking a `` fine line between serving their customers and managing their own risk , '' he says .
finding i am caught here , suspended 400 feet above the river , into which i should fall if my footing fails , i call for help . the men come , and pass me a line , but i can not let go of the rock long enough to take hold of it .
in forests , their goal is to drape their chutes over the crown of a tree and slide down through the limbs on let-down ropes . but `` you never really know for sure what 's waiting for you , '' says john driscoll , a former smokejumper who once landed flat on his back on the alaskan tundra after his chute lines twisted and his reserve parachute wrapped around his neck . ( though he was n't hurt , `` i can still remember every second of it -- looking up to see the lines twisted and my parachute a worthless balloon over my head , '' he says . )
chanel also plans to run ads in the wall street journal . consultants to the beauty-products business believe estee lauder inc. and cosmair inc. 's lancome line are likely to follow archrival chanel 's lead in testing new media .
< p > @ cray research inc. forecast that 1990 will be a no-growth year for its supercomputer line .
the 12-acre facility produces chemicals used in the personal care , detergent , agricultural and oil-field chemical industries . national distillers is an energy and chemicals concern here ; the company has shed its distilling lines and has said it plans to change its name , effective jan. 1 , to quantum chemical corp. , subject to shareholder approval .
last year , petite toys represented about 9 % of ohio art 's $ 47.4 million in sales . the bryan , ohio , maker of toys and the etch a sketch drawing device said petite , a united kingdom toy maker , plans to handle the distribution and marketing of its own line , beginning next year .
takasago 's resulting odors have provided the basis for two bath-product lines -- including bubble baths and bath oils , soaps and talcs -- from avon products inc. tranquil moments , a floral bath line introduced in 1986 , supposedly relaxes bathers . its success prompted avon last year to unveil reveille , a citrus floral bath line with `` revitalizing '' effects .
congressmen sitting in rayburn house office building 2358 -- the appropriations subcommittee on transportation -- could provide the answer . this particular day , a long line of lobbyists and observers waits in the hall outside the committee room to no avail the panel has voted to close its meeting to the public , and now is in the process of negotiating which projects get funded and which ones do n't .
`` but he 's not a corporate animal , so this is perfect for him. '' mr . gordon himself produces this line to sum up `` as a career move , this is my field of dreams . ''
reebok has gone outside for marketing talent at a time when competition is increasing . nike inc. , its chief rival , is hot on its heels , with the success of its air shoe line .
an industry safety committee was formed , and contracts of actors and directors have been changed to include safety provisions . `` the incident will serve to temper the zeal of film makers ( when they ) walk that fine line between the art of illusion and creating reality , '' says terry young , director of risk management at mgm/ua entertainment co .
charles boyer did n't say it to hedy lamarr in the 1938 film `` algiers . `` but the famous line that never was has lent the oldest section of this capital an image of glamour and romance -- and not without justification .
ileana ros-lehtinen , who got 53 % of the vote , is the first cuban-american elected to congress . both candidates in the bitterly fought race were criticized for urging voters to cast ballots along ethnic lines .
moreover , say cluett executives , the designers skimped on quality . for one thing , the higher-priced shirts in the line did n't look much different from their less-expensive counterparts , says harold streitman , cluett 's new design director for sportswear .
`` very good , `` said galkin . he stood up and began reeling in his line .
they used dog bones to make small hooks , pig bones for the medium size , and human bones for large fish hooks . hawaiian fishermen jigged with lines fitted with a stone sinker bound to a cowrie-shell lure to catch octopus .
winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn because unit sales in its bread-and-butter motor home business tumbled 25 % industrywide in august , and 10.4 % in the first eight months of the year . the company said it also suffered in the quarter from incentive programs , losses from discontinuing a motor home line and costs of developing a new commercial vehicle , among other things .
when pressed , heinz eiermann , head of colors and cosmetics for the fda , concedes that the people who buy these things probably `` like to be fooled . `` but he says `` there 's a line -- it may be a fuzzy line -- where you have to say , enough is enough . ''
the lines last year generated sales of $ 77 million , and the divisions purchased by slm accounted for about $ 35 million of that total . coleco 's tricycle lines are among the products not included in the purchase , slm said .
a cook at a local italian restaurant , the 38-year-old ms. figueroa sat in the back seat of her nephew 's car so that she would have her own window to roll down . while mr. parra hopes his drive-up window will shorten the lines inside the center , he has n't yet figured out what he 'll do if it causes traffic jams .
maybe next year they could rope the hay off the rack . jesse stood up and took the lines from george .
i was , in part , terribly discouraged , but at the same time excited by the narrow escape from victory . the line between the russian cellist 's cooperation and rejection seemed so thin .
ford is raising the price of its bronco ii sport utility vehicle $ 607 , or 4.3 % , to $ 14,718 , even though sales of the vehicle have fallen about 13 % this year and the latest model is due to be replaced next spring by an all-new product . chrysler , meanwhile , is looking to earn more on its lebaron line of coupes by loading more equipment -- including a new v-6 engine -- into a `` premium '' version of the car .
for a monthly fee of about $ 12 ( plus the price of each call ) , the answering service -- actually a `` dialing service '' -- will dial your desired number , call you back and patch you into the call . a red light on the phone indicates when one of the service 's 20 other customers is using the line .
< p > @ honda motor co. will introduce a super-luxury car in its acura line within the next couple of years , two top executives said , and later probably will enter two market segments -- minivans and entry-level cars .
but the new lines of health-conscious products do n't mean that sara lee will abandon its sugary cakes and rolls ; the sweeter products are selling well too , he added . unit volume of sara lee 's meat lines , including its jimmy dean sausage and biscuit products , rose 6 % in the quarter , `` on the low side of the increases we 've been running , '' said mr. bryan .
in the ibm culture , that 's like russia 's politburo begging reporters to write about a hot young party member . ibm draws the line on too much technical detail , however .
there is n't much mahogany at the flagship marks & spencer , on london 's oxford street near marble arch . the self-service store is one of the busiest stores on earth , selling clothing and food with a recently added line of home furnishings in an annex across the street .
boston -- the call came shortly after michael janeway resigned under pressure as editor of the boston globe . suddenly gov . michael dukakis , almost a stranger , was on the line inviting him over to the statehouse , and there , alone , the two talked about how much it hurts when a man works hard at a job he loves -- and is judged a failure .
egyptair , the national carrier of egypt , placed an order totaling $ 20 million . total orders for the engines involved , pratt 's pw4000 line , have reached nearly $ 6 billion .
but the api , joined by some groups professing concern for `` national security , '' has begun suggesting that another energy crisis might develop sometime in the near future , probably by the mid-1990s . where have we heard that line before ?
i imagine a tough decision like this from the itc will remind them of the sensitivity of this issue in the u.s. '' the importation ban covers samsung 's line of dynamic random access memory chips , known as drams , as well as computers , facsimile machines and certain telecommunications equipment and printers if they contain chips that infringe texas instruments patents .
< p > @ quaker oats co. , in a move to reduce its swollen debt load , agreed to sell several recently acquired food lines to kraft inc. for $ 235 million .
but now , when i needed them , the words were coming . it seemed like hours before i could reach bob on the crackling , scratchy line .
it 's weird to see a great actress thrust into the middle of a sitcom , and you keep rooting for her to rise above it . from time to time there are little flashes -- a toss of the head , a hand on the hip , a line delivered with vintage hepburn sarcasm .
why create something new ? `` while moline , ill.-based deere will still be able to market its smaller line of diesel engines through detroit diesel 's expansive distribution network , it must now look for a way to develop a new engine for the 1990s , analysts said .
jim ran to his father , who was studying the ice near the edge of the water , and called , `` ted 's got london on the radio , dad ! `` they gathered around all but chet , who went on dangling his line stolidly as though the entire success of their journey depended on his luck as a fisherman .
we mix tobacco for individual customers . `` and so the line of suits dunhill plans to launch will have a `` bottom price point '' of $ 750 . most of the line , which will emphasize custom fit and hand tailoring , will hover around the $ 2,000 mark , according to mr. frain .
for the taping , he brought together the scores of politicians who have appeared on agildo in wonderland over the past nine months . all they had to do was wave beer glasses and sing a wish for the new year , including these lines
al vlietstra , director of sales for the coca-cola foods canada inc. unit of coca cola co. , said he welcomes the competition that tropicana will bring because its presence will probably develop the refrigerated juice market in canada , where per capita consumption is substantially below the u.s. level . coca-cola 's minute maid began marketing a refrigerated orange juice made from concentrate in canada in 1985 , in addition to its frozen line of orange juice .
j.c. penney co. , new york , said its stores will no longer sell home electronics , hard sporting goods , or photographic equipment . the retailer plans to expand its women 's apparel lines .
tonka said the proposed acquisition is part of its strategy to expand its base of toys that do n't swing wildly with fads . tonka said ertl will double tonka 's revenue from its most stable toy line , tonka trucks .
the company also said the base prices for its 1988-model cars will be an average 1.7 % , or $ 195 , higher than 1987 models . chrysler has been announcing prices piecemeal but yesterday gave firm prices for its entire model line .
i 've got to call the airport . `` `` get off the line ? `` he said .
those two account for `` a fairly minor percentage '' of sales and , in any case , are `` running full steam , no problems , '' the spokesman added . limited inc. , a high-growth specialty retailer known for designing and subcontracting its own apparel lines , has been trying to boost the number of its u.s. contractors in response to the falling dollar and rising import restrictions .
the operation was in place in case ibm ended up being forced to sell off part of its business . the system 38 , in particular , was orphaned by ibm , drawing little support from the company even though its design was thought to be so sophisticated that ibm once considered using it to build a line of mainframes that would supersede those now on the market .
the acquisition would be kraft 's fourth in the frozen-food business in the past three years . and last week it agreed to acquire several of chicago-based quaker oats co. 's food lines for $ 235 million .
the cumbersome outfits `` were n't made with hopping on buses and getting in and out of taxis in mind . `` `` their attitude is , the more gizmos you can stick on a garment , the better , '' says laura kligh , one of the 10 americans who spent three weeks in the georgian resort town of tbilisi in september crafting part of the `` design for peace '' line .
st. croix telephone would be the fourth telephone concern in wisconsin -- and the tenth in the midwest -- acquired by rochester telephone in the past year . st. croix telephone serves 5,300 access lines near minneapolis . rochester telephone serves 575,000 access lines , primarily in western-central new york .
mr. rollwagen said that he has detected `` no major fallout '' from mr. chen 's departure , other than questions such as , `` what does this mean for cray five years out ? `` cray now plans to unveil its y-mp addition to the mp line , the last machine mr. chen completed , early next year .
carson pirie scott & co. in chicago spins off three concepts corporate level for executives , arcadia for gifts and cards , and inpulse for knitwear . to control selection and display , liz claiborne inc. plans its own stores with a new line of clothes in late 1987 or early 1988 .
< p > @ techknits inc. said it signed an exclusive licensing agreement with denton mills inc. , new albany , miss. , to make and market the dr. denton line of sweaters for infants , toddlers and children .
by contrast , bellsouth corp. , which operates in the robust sun belt , added more than 650,000 new lines last year . in 1988 , with the health of its service territory showing slight signs of improvement , southwestern bell expects telephone lines to increase about 1 % , which would represent about 100,000 new lines .
that trend intensified when , starting in 1981 , nissan motor co. built its smyrna , tenn. , plant , largely without union workers . the toyota plant was seen by the unions as `` the second domino in what we feared would be a long line of losses on major construction projects , '' mr. hammond says .
so , on this cool day in late march , i set to work . i engaged a cooperative clam digger for the use of his boat in helping me secure a line to the tail .
ibm 's competitors are expected to benefit from a delay of even a few months . `` digital is going to have more than 200 software packages running on its workstations by the time ibm is shipping , '' said marc g. schulman , an analyst with ubs securities inc. abundant software packages are critical to the success of a computer line .
and many of the responses came right out of the music . for instance , the galloping marimba lines did suggest the horse running alongside a train described by noah from new york .
what 's more , while microsoft has done most of the development on os/2 , ibm is making some slight alterations and will put out its own version , called ibm os/2 . in its public statements , ibm has n't denied that os/2 will run on computers made by compaq and others , but it says the system will run faster and with clearer graphics on the new ibm line .
while he would n't estimate the sale price , analysts have estimated that it would exceed $ 1 billion . kraft also told analysts it plans to develop and test a line of refrigerated entrees and desserts , under the chillery brand name .
reporters from miami staked out his house and discovered donna rice . and sen. biden , the democratic demosthenes , unhorsed for borrowing class-conscious lines from a celebrated speech by neil kinnock , long-winded leader of great britain 's socialist party .
prestolite also will purchase buildings and land in arcade , n.y. , where the products are made . motorola said that the two lines no longer fit its business strategy and that their sale is part of the company 's plan to focus on high-technology electronics .
then came talk that a french concern wanted to acquire u.s. consumer products companies such as chicago pacific or the sunbeam unit of allegheny international , which filed for chapter 11 protection from creditors last weekend . there is also the new `` elite '' line of hoover vacuums , due to be unveiled march 16 at a plaza hotel gala in new york .
there , just slightly to the northeast of the leather-covered steering wheel , and west southwest of the burled walnut dashboard trim , are six lines from the second verse of the marvell poem . we know that these lines are by none other than andrew marvell because the name of the poet appears at the end where the author 's name is customarily found in poetic quotations .
families often shun two-door cars because it 's more difficult to get children into and out of the back seats . the family focus for the line is one of the reasons chevrolet decided to include under the lumina umbrella its new minivan , nicknamed apv ( for all-purpose vehicle ) , which wo n't be available until next june .
kitchen appliances that hang below wall cabinets are marketed as space savers , so the thinner they look , the better . black & decker inc. 's new spacemaker plus line is indeed thin -- some appliances measure less than half the height of the models they replace .
the pricing of workstations introduced by digital equipment yesterday was n't as aggressive as some analysts had anticipated , meaning less competition for apollo 's and sun 's products . digital 's new microvax is seen as a challenge to international business machines ' 9370 line .
even so , the sheer clutter in that basement took a bit of sorting out , especially in that dim light . one wall had a floor-to-ceiling spread of wall-bars on gymnasium lines .
honda motor co. introduced its legend and integra luxury cars in the u.s. in 1986 through a new dealer network called acura . and just last month , nissan motor corp. announced plans for a new line of upscale cars that , starting in 1989 , it will market under the new infiniti label .
among the more attractive assets that could be sold is the mail-handling equipment business . mr. boksen estimates the line alone could fetch between $ 250 million and $ 300 million .
all of the used clothing that arrives in kabul from the states looks like new , if a little out of style . it is shipped after being dry-cleaned and pressed and then , when it gets to the bazaars , is hung on hangers on clothes lines stretched over the streets from store front to store front .
here as elsewhere , mr. bush 's attacks on gov . dukakis over such issues as crime and defense have hurt the democrat , but the poll shows that the economy is one area where voters were more likely to react favorably to the governor as they learn more about his positions . perhaps for that reason , mr. bush this week has been seeking to appropriate mr. dukakis 's own applause line , telling supporters in wisconsin and michigan that `` george bush is on your side . ''
`` we have these twin fears that inflation is going out of control or that we are heading into recession , '' mr. jordan says . to allay those fears , mr. greenspan must walk a very narrow line , he adds .
< p > @ tandy corp. , fort worth , texas , introduced four computers that beef up its personal computer line .
< p > @ motorola inc. unveiled its latest microprocessor chip family , the 88000 line , boasting the new chips provide fivetimes more processing power than leading-edge competitors .
< p > @ perhaps the most memorable line in modern car advertising is n't about big engines or sleek styling , but about upholstery . the line `` rich corinthian leather . ''
`` we have put traders & investors on notice that they appear to be operating as an unregistered investment adviser , '' says richard barry , supervisor of enforcement with the new jersey agency . meanwhile , the sec , which is aware of the traders & investors line and the growing attention being given to it , declines to comment on whether it 's investigating .
in the meantime , travelers must risk missing flights because they ca n't find spaces , or must wait in long lines to get through exit toll booths . at newark , though , long lines can pay off ; drivers are occasionally let through the booths without paying .
the division is planning to add fender extensions and make other styling changes on the 1988 model of the eldorado ; the changes are intended to make the car look less like related buick and oldsmobile models . yesterday 's action will give gm `` more distinction between car lines , '' mr. hoglund said .
on saturday , from morning until dusk , there were more than 100 people lined up to enter f.a.o . schwarz 's new toy store at 58th street and fifth . said one man who had been in line 20 minutes , `` put it this way i would n't be here in a blizzard . ''
warner also was co-author ( with mark twain ) of a famous book entitled `` the gilded age , '' a label later affixed to a whole generation . and he wrote other memorable lines for which almost nobody credits him .
but southwestern bell 's economists note that the signs of a recovery are centered in the manufacturing segment and provide a weaker boost to demand for phone service than does an economic rebound fueled by service and construction industries . mr. barnes said that in the past 12 months , the phone company 's customer lines increased only 38,000 .
together they provide the functions of ibm 's new ps/2 model 30 , mr. campbell said . mr. campbell expects that chips & technologies will come out with chip sets mimicking the capabilities of other , higher-performance models in ibm 's ps/2 line `` by the end of the year . ''
analysts said that some of its recently introduced toys give it a good chance of returning to profitability in 1987. in particular , coleco 's new starcom toys -- male action figures that move via magnets and springs -- give `` every indication of being one of the best new action lines this year , '' said david liebowitz , an analyst with american securities corp. other promising new products include a new line of talking cabbage patch kids , a new board game named ubi and talking toys named story-telling alf and wisecracking alf , mr. liebowitz added .
hill holliday will be propelled even further up in the ranks of u.s. ad agencies if it wins the $ 60 million account of los angeles-based nissan motor corp. u.s.a. 's infiniti division . winning would also take the sting from the agency 's failure in may to capture general motors corp. 's $ 100 million account for its new saturn line .
but the law does n't spell out clearly what those `` steps '' could be , allowing for sharply different opinions on the matter . `` you look for the bright line beyond which you should not trade , '' says wallace timmeny , a former deputy director of the securities and exchange commission 's enforcement division who was hired by waste management 's special committee to lead the investigation of the insider trading allegations .
natural lighting , subdued colors , extreme close-ups and a grainy film quality all contribute to the true-to-life feel of cinema verite ads . also , people in the ads speak with a natural cadence , using colloquial phrases and punctuating their lines with pauses and an occasional `` uh '' or `` you know . ''
mr. young , hewlett-packard 's chief executive , said , `` our goal is to manage expenses so that they grow at a slower rate than revenue , while maintaining our commitment to new-product development and support . `` hewlett-packard has said it will ship a newly designed line of business minicomputers , its models 930 and 950 , during the second half of calendar 1987 , a deadline being closely watched by investors and customers alike .
as reported , avon has agreed in principle to acquire giorgio inc. , a beverly hills , calif.-based fragrance maker , for $ 185 million , and there are plans for other acquisitions soon , he said . specifically , mr. waldron expressed a strong interest in the elizabeth arden line that the indianapolis pharmaceutical concern eli lilly & co. has said it is selling .
finding him became an obsession for mr. stoll . he made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers . after discovering that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitimate user named joe sventek , he rigged up an alarm system , including a portable beeper , to alert him when sventek came on the line .
moreover , kids will be itchy to spend holiday gift money and will probably have a few presents they want to exchange as well . robert lurie , tyco 's vice president of advertising , says the post-christmas introduction of the dino-riders line is primarily a marketing decision , but he concedes that production delays also influenced the timing . `` about two-thirds of the line could have been ready for christmas , '' he says , `` but if we had hurried it , the quality and authenticity of the dinosaurs might not have been as good . ''
`` things may never turn back like they were , '' says james t. trado , the senior vice president and general manager of mazda motors of america 's eastern u.s. operations . `` we went several years without enough vehicles -- customers were waiting in line .
`` we have n't figured out yet how to handicap the games , or how to handle the situation , '' says john fitzgerald , president of the hilton hotel-casino . `` if some people cross the line and make a particular team look strong . . . that 'll make a big difference . ''
in recent months , conga-record breaking has become serious business , tainted with fierce rivalry and maybe even espionage , all for one sweet goal a spot in the 1988 `` guinness book of world records . `` the race heated up about three weeks ago , when 10,442 people shuffled into a line at the edmonton heritage festival in alberta , canada , aiming to break the previous record of 8,659 , set in 1982 in great britain . it took two hours to put the canadian line together , for a conga that lasted nine minutes .
what those fans have been watching is the latest video made by a professional sports team the browns ' `` masters of the gridiron . `` although the team 's loss to the denver broncos sunday has already hurt sales of the 17-minute film , the video has earned a reputation as the strangest production in a line of videos that began last year with the chicago bears ' `` super bowl shuffle . ''
mr. abbott arrived here in early april , and after two grueling days of auditions set to work with the 20-member cast . at first the actors were put off by mr. abbott 's practice of telling performers exactly how to say a line and where to move .
to see the effect of the anti-alcohol campaign , take a walk along stoleshnikov alley in downtown moscow . at one end of the narrow street , the line to get into a basement beer bar stretches around the block .
`` we have a good strong backlog for the fourth quarter even without '' the systems that were announced yesterday . but the 3090 line is nearly five years old -- which is getting up there in mainframe years -- and its growth is expected to slow in 1990 .
in composite new york stock exchange trading yesterday , ibm shares closed at $ 112.625 , off 50 cents . as expected , ibm also announced yesterday several products that fill in its personal-computer line .
she added her own touch -- a special holster allowing the gun to be fired without removing it from the purse -- and has since sold hundreds . still , the new fashion line does n't appeal to everyone .
the bloomingdale 's store at the mall , manager john guerra said , posted a `` double-digit increase '' in december sales this year . and stores throughout the mall were especially crowded the day after christmas , with shoppers waiting in line for the doors to open at 9 a.m. and then flocking to the bargains in the trim-a-tree section at bloomingdale 's to buy decorations for next christmas .
in this era of media-bashing , mr. sohmer was shrewd to make his investigator-hero an fbi agent ( robert loggia ) rather than , say , a washington post reporter . as for tv news , it gets bashed in the person of a brunette-bombshell producer ( stepfanie kramer ) who curls her ruby lips around lines like `` get me a closeup of those stiffs ! ''
then we let down another boat to the end of its line beyond the first , and the third boat to the end of its line below the second , which brings it to the head of the fall , and under an overhanging rock . then the upper boat , in obedience to a signal , lets go ; we pull in the line , and catch the nearest boat as it comes , and then the last .
`` guys running plants should n't be handicapped against guys selling bonds , '' he said . in addition , mr. peltz said he and mr. may have been doing more of the type of acquisition and corporate finance work that investment bankers do than the work of line industrial managers .
unilever is still something of a trendsetter in europe . for europeans who are switching from perfume to deodorant , unilever developed a new line of strong-smelling `` deo-cologne '' sprays .
`` how does the '60s song go about the age of aquarius ? we had all the planets in line , '' mr. channell said .
its cost of $ 22 billion is more than four times libya 's estimated petroleum earnings in 1986. the average libyan must pay for this by standing longer in line for scarce consumer goods .
but can ge ? critics say the fallout from mr. welch 's swap last year of ge 's consumer-electronics business for the medical-equipment lines of paris-based thomson illustrates the price ge pays for his style .
how about lowering the stress levels of america 's very stressed-out shoppers . it emerges that one of their top pet peeves is waiting in long lines while other registers or windows stay closed .
< p > @ digital equipment corp. is planning a big coming-out party on tuesday for its first line of mainframe computers .
in year ended june 30 , lear earned $ 55.5 million , or $ 3.02 a share , compared with $ 100.7 million , or $ 5.51 a share , the year earlier . sales rose to $ 2.46 billion from $ 2.37 billion , but the company 's aerospace business and its piper aircraft business-plane line performed poorly .
todd said it appointed brown brothers harriman & co. to investigate alternatives , including the sale of assets , `` a combination of todd with another firm , '' and the renegotiation or refinancing of portions of the company 's debt . the company also said the loss of the contract to build a new line of ddg-51 guided missile destroyers may have `` a material adverse effect '' on the company .
e-ii was named as esmark 's reincarnation . since april 1986 , he has sold or taken public eight major parts of beatrice , including its international playtex inc. personal products lines and avis rental car chain , for about $ 6.1 billion . kohlberg kravis and its investors are about even on their investment , and beatrice 's most valuable food lines are still unsold .
in the economics of modern mass-market paperback publishing , a serious literary novel that sells steadily but modestly is nearly impossible to keep in print . nowadays , it is an outfit like caf , as well as random house 's vintage line and a clutch of small presses , that offer the possibility of a long life for much serious fiction .
another recent campaign has targeted the market for inexpensive wines . one ad asks consumers to `` taste the fun '' of christian brothers ' line of low-alcohol wines with names like `` wild berry '' and `` la blush . ''
he stood a few yards away , to one side of the entrance . then he jerked the line , suddenly , and clasped his hands over his ears .
that price , he said , would be roughly $ 350 million . several analysts said mr. sporck 's detailed comments friday on national 's chip lines were meant to pave the way for the sale of nas .
< p > @ his voice is hoarse and his spurs drag in the mud , but `` george dickel '' slogs through the drizzle and cold wind , bravely shouting his lines in a staged shootout with a dastardly gunfighter , archrival `` jack daniel . ''
mr. walker and some other conservatives believe that confrontation has its place . `` we think there is some merit in drawing the line in the sand and saying we want to draw the distinction between conservatives and liberals , '' rep.. walker says .
recently joining the list of foreign players were austria 's girozentrale vienna and belgium 's banque bruxelles lambert . richard w. magee , managing director of tullett & tokyo forex inc. , a currency broker , said that in the past year , the company has installed trading lines to about a dozen new branches of foreign banks , mostly from smaller countries .
he said coleco was n't interested previously , but he declined to discuss its current position . ironically , the cabbage patch kids line could draw some bidders , even though its decline in recent years has contributed to coleco 's problems . while cabbage patch sales last year were $ 125 million , down from $ 600 million in 1985 , the toy line remains one the nation 's best selling .
most divers in island waters carry a long line on which to string their catch . the end of this line is tied to an empty plastic bleach bottle , which serves as a buoy to keep the line floating so the diver can tow his catch a safe distance behind .
that strategy is common for auto makers setting up separate dealer networks and is meant , among other things , to make buyers of the upscale cars feel special and to underscore the exclusive ambiance of the luxury market . but some dealers have voiced skepticism about the practice , noting that sales of new luxury-car lines may not be big enough to support the expense -- often millions of dollars -- of separate facilities .
its consumer foods group reported a 5.8 % sales gain , to $ 3.56 billion , and pre-charge earnings of $ 280.5 million , a 6 % increase . but for the fourth quarter , operating profit declined 2 % to $ 51.2 million , largely because of continued weakness in frozen pizza and seafood and hefty introductory costs for a line of green giant frozen vegetable products .
lopid could have been a billion-dollar-a-year seller but now looks like a $ 300 million drug , one investor says . there 's talk that the new york investor ronald perelman , among others , might want warner-lambert for its over-the-counter drug lines .
so far 450,000 subscribers have signed up for the 976 blocking service . new york telephone , a part of nynex corp. , plans to offer -- for a one-time charge of $ 5 -- call blocking to dial-a-porn and chat lines .
speed can be increased by adding as many as three more central processors , producing a $ 1.5 million computer that handles as many as 50 mips . by contrast , digital 's high-end line , which spans about the same price range , handles from six mips to 24 mips .
`` nope , '' says ms. white firmly . she has only 90 minutes to sign books for the privileged 250 who queued up before caldor 's closed off the line .
but there must be something between overstylized video imagery and this lifeless stuff ; beer commercials carry more of a wallop . ms. jett makes something out of patti despite the lines mr. schrader has given her .
a few interactive toys are already on the market . a line of `` captain power '' figures from mattel inc. , for example , can exchange infrared gunfire with the villains in a new cartoon show .
as foolish as the question may seem , rep. wyden 's bill is sillier still . we might avoid much legislative nonsense if he and other congressmen would learn a basic truth of economics any attribution of costs , and therefore profits , to different lines in a multi-product firm is entirely arbitrary .
a second button opens the trunk remotely . code-alarm also is developing a line of home-security systems , which it says will get some of the proceeds from the new stock offering .
new york telephone and its ad agency , young & rubicam inc. , have gone the furthest in pitching `` brands '' of calls . the phone company says that the ads ' creators even borrowed ideas from greeting cards to compile its extensive brand line .
separately , wang introduced several new products that allow pictures and images to be stored on optical disks and then shown on special computer screens . the systems work with wang 's current line of computers , and wang officials predicted they may sell as much as $ 100 million of the systems in fiscal 1988 .
last year , the foods division , which contributes about 10 % of coca-cola 's profit , posted a loss because of restructuring expenses . while the unit has reorganized , cut costs and taken bold new-product steps recently by introducing premium choice , a top-of-the line chilled juice product , analysts do n't expect the division to contribute significantly to profit anytime soon .
rochester will exchange shares of its common stock for all shares outstanding of viroqua telephone , a family-owned company . viroqua serves about 3,000 access lines in western wisconsin .
the recalled drugs include several forms of darvon , methadone , two anti-infectives and an anti-inflammatory agent . lilly 's spokesman said the drugs were mostly `` older line products '' sold either under the lilly or dista labels .
the progenitor of the breed was nike inc. 's air revolution shoe , introduced last year with television ads set to the beatles ' `` revolution '' and print ads promising improved performance . several rivals have been introduced recently , or will be soon , including the energy wave shoe from converse inc. , a unit of interco inc. ; the world trainer shoe , with an `` energy return system , '' from reebok ; and a line of shoes from etonic inc. using a `` dynamic reaction plate . ''
we have only four teeth . bayles alf , you used that line in a recent episode !
his deputy , william ruckelshaus also refused , and mr. nixon fired him . then mr. nixon turned to the person who was third in line , solicitor general bork .
heredity , junk food and a couch-potato environment have combined to produce a generation of overweight youth . but at last 's partners think the numbers still are n't large enough to persuade traditional apparel firms to create a line of oversize clothes stocked in department stores and specialty outlets .
the latest announcement includes some plants that just last month were temporarily shut down and then restarted . the car lines affected by the new action include the pontiac 6000 and the buick century .
gm is merely suffering -- and hunting for a cure . it is adding four-door sedans to the gm-10 line . it is converting two auto plants to truck production , closing a car plant in framingham , mass. , this summer , and planning to squeeze production of one of its large-car lines into two assembly plants instead of three .
mr. o'neill may be the sort of man who watched `` general electric theatre , '' but even retirement has not mellowed his view of ronald reagan , who entered politics in a fashion alien to mr. o'neill and who dominated washington in the years of his speakership . `` most of the time he was an actor reading lines , who did n't understand his own programs , '' mr. o'neill writes .
the telephone rings . ah , it is one of our happy customers about to come on the line , no doubt wanting to express his satisfaction with some handsome masonite product that he has installed .
< p > @ n.v. philips and its partners have granted a japanese firm exclusive rights to promote and market equipment for suppliers of a new line of prerecorded audio/visual compact-disk products in asia .
in fact , some lawyers say , the apple suit itself could well turn on a 1986 decision involving stuffed dinosaurs . in that case , decided in 1986 by robert p. aguilar , the same san jose , calif. , federal judge assigned to hear the apple suit , a pair of toy designers sued a company for infringing their copyrights on a line of dinosaur dolls .
moreover , the new at & t machines come as many manufacturers -- led by compaq -- are moving to a new generation of machines based on the far more powerful intel 80386 microchip . at & t 's new machines , priced from $ 3,045 to $ 5,795 depending on features , are n't much cheaper than the ibm line and do n't use at & t 's unix operating system , which it has been pushing as a new industry standard .
comsat said it is negotiating with `` several potential buyers '' for the manufacturing units and the satellites . the company already has agreed to sell its comsat international communications subsidiary and remaining comsat technology products lines .
many are concerned that reducing the overhang quickly will wreck already shaken markets , but there is pressure on the regulators from congress and developers to sell as much as they can as soon as they can , and the pace seems to be quickening . `` you walk a very fine line between fulfilling your mandate of winding up the affairs of the institution , and not creating disruptions in the marketplace , '' says thomas procopio , the federal savings and loan insurance corp. 's southern regional director for receivership activities .
sony corp. last year introduced its my first sony line of audio products for children four and up . fisher-price toys , a division of quaker oats co. , rolled out a $ 225 kids ' camcorder this christmas , a pricey departure from its mainstay line of preschool toys .
he said the company 's weakened financial condition would make it impossible for the concern to bear certain start-up and other costs without help from the navy . the contract is to build a new line of the navy 's ddg-51 class destroyer .
but southland could win over customers like mrs. dallas , the denver legal secretary , who rents movies for her sons and buys sandwiches at the 7-eleven when they 're on special . `` if they could prove their milk was cheap enough , then i would go to the convenience store to avoid the line at the grocery store , '' she says .
it has n't . there 's a real delicate line there , and it 's hard for people to understand how we do it . ''
in composite trading on the new york stock exchange yesterday , first interstate closed at $ 54.25 a share , down 25 cents ; bankamerica closed at $ 14.625 a share , unchanged . separately , bankamerica agreed as part of a restructuring to sell bank of america 's consumer trust line to the wells fargo bank unit of wells fargo & co. , another san francisco banking concern , for $ 100 million .
the company had taken charges in 1985 and 1986 against the housing business , the spokesman said . insilco sees limited and difficult growth prospects for the lines , he said , and would have had to put much more cash into it to keep it going .
as a wall street journal reporter , i 'm often asked for advice on good investments . i respond with such old lines as `` want to make a small fortune in the markets ?
takada seemed pleased . once , the voice at the other end of the line was that of pete russo , who wanted to know if he could borrow a left-handed toggle switch .
the teas , sold in highly decorated boxes with philosphical quotes printed on them , have names like red zinger , morning thunder and mandarine orange spice . the company had grown considerably in the past three years , adding several new tea lines , but the relaxed , informal atmosphere has been maintained , the kraft spokeswoman said .
agents often revive passengers who are wedged behind fake paneling , stacked like cordwood into vans or piled into semitrailers that drip urine and sweat from the overcrowding . `` it makes you sick to see little kids stuck in the trunk or the women who you know get raped or beaten , '' says agent arthur lamberson , a lanky 15-year veteran , as he monitors an endless line of vehicles .
`` yeah . `` there was another very long pause with dead air on the line between them .
but alf did n't make up for the declining cabbage patch sales , and industry analysts and buyers expect alf to slow considerably this year . one problem , says a former executive who asks not to be identified , is that coleco has devoted too much research-and-development effort to expanding its cabbage patch line , to little avail .
ibm and apple are making big cuts in the number of dealers who will be permitted to carry their new products , but are trying to tie up more of the remaining dealers ' shelf space and more of their salesmens ' `` mind space '' -- as one dealer puts it . as a result , dealers will generally become more specialized , dropping some manufacturers ' products so they can concentrate on a few main lines and possibly focusing on fewer types of customers .
it was like an open stone quarry , cushioned with sponge . we stopped at the outer limits of our lines .
burke 's calculations were slightly off . he had to start the engines again to get his plane close enough to throw a line to the raft .
con men and charlatans are so thick and so persistent that they make camel drivers at the pyramids look like swiss maitres d ' . typically , the hustle begins with a line reminiscent of the pickpocket in the movie `` casablanca , '' who warns a bar patron , `` this is a dangerous place , full of vultures '' -- just as he 's relieving the mark of his wallet .
it is obvious to anyone that the general quality of consumer products of all kinds is poor , not only by comparison with those available in the west but even with the eastern european imports that are for sale in the soviet union . and the long lines to buy quality food or clothing when they happen to be available demonstrate the malfunctioning of the soviet price system and of the state 's inability to produce what consumers want .
kinney shoe corp. is polishing up its dull image . known as a marketer of budget-priced family shoes , the 94-year-old kinney , a subsidiary of f.w . woolworth co. , will soon begin sharply increasing its reliance on more expensive , all-leather shoes in its women 's line .
he acknowledged that some shortages of memory chips could persist into the third quarter if demand outstrips ibm 's expectations but added that , `` we feel extremely confident about the fourth quarter . `` that advantage will be especially useful to ibm because high-end machines require extra memory , and demand has been weaker for ibm 's high-end machines than for others in the line .
fortune friday reported a first-quarter net loss of $ 1.5 million , compared with a $ 345,000 profit a year earlier , on a 32 % drop in revenue to $ 7.3 million . sci , an electronics manufacturer , has said the acquisition of fortune 's microcomputer business will strengthen its own lines of microcomputer products .
ready now ! coil up the dry line and stand midstream , rod in instant readiness .
the fact is , however , that while the regime has fluctuated between permissiveness and crackdowns , nothing fundamental has changed . the supposed new freedoms and reforms all stop safely before the line where they might impinge on the power monopoly .
this afternoon , we find three falls in close succession . we carry our rations over the rocks , and let our boats shoot over the falls , checking and bringing them to land with lines in the eddies below .
studying the human condition , a writer uses such enlightenment as comes to hand . and as for the sexes , artists in every field have been able to cross that line ; it is common knowledge that witches can change their sex at will .
its labor directors and faculty members were progressives or radicals . no political lines were drawn in admitting students so that typically the student body included conservative trade unionists as well as communist party members .
sheer chance has led him east . he passes by the trailing lines of fishermen from neah bay and sekiu and pysht .
bayly corp. said it signed a licensing agreement to make and market cherokee group 's line of men 's and boys ' apparel . james argyropoulos , chairman and chief executive officer of north hollywood , calif.-based cherokee , said bayly will pay his company a 5 % royalty on net sales of the line .
south africans are loosening or terminating their u.s. business connections far faster than the legal environment warrants . two years ago , the idea of `` countersanctions '' -- predatory and discriminatory pricing against american buyers in lines where south african producers combined could exert some monopolistic power -- was dismissed out of hand by the south african business elite .
he can not contain his excitement . he grabs a shark iron , a keen-edged harpoon with line and float attached , and seconds later hurls it deep into the back of a small female that slides beneath him .
but while businessmen generally welcome this year 's unexpected economic surge , they recognize that the underground economy is a double-edged sword . executives of the food unit of giant grupo alfa are elated about this year 's 100 % sales increase in the company 's most inexpensive line of cold meats , whose biggest buyers are underground mom-and-pop stores .
first boston 's mr. milunovich said , `` if there 's a risk for ncr , it 's in how well the market will accept the company 's new products . `` he said that ncr 's 7000 line of terminals -- used by retailers and the food industry -- and its 9800 mainframes `` are selling a little below expectations .
beyond scoring points in that public-image battle , ibm 's new line , the 3090 model s , is intended to give customers the improvements in price and performance they expect every couple of years . the armonk , n.y. , company last overhauled its mainframe line in january 1987 .
the merger proposal would involve subsidiaries of a company controlled by mr. picower and montgomery medical as well as controlled therapeutic corp. , a closely held company to which a montgomery medical affiliate has provided venture capital . controlled therapeutic , a development company , holds a license for a line of polymers designed to allow precise administration of pharmaceuticals without the need for mechanical equipment .
and when it is ready , we will deploy it . `` if all of this seems like a delicate line to walk , well , apparently sometimes even the president slips .
at & t 's olivetti machines run on international business machines corp. operating systems , and the president of at & t 's data systems group , vittorio cassoni , who came from olivetti in 1986 , said at & t does n't have any plans to emphasize unix on the desktop . at & t has said it plans to use unix running on sun 's powerful sparc microprocessor for its new line of minicomputers due out next year .
`` you might even look at it as an insurance policy , '' he says . chips & technologies , based in milpitas , calif. , makes widely used microchip sets for clone makers , designed to imitate the inner workings of ibm 's old pc line .
a spokesman at general tire , akron , said the problem was exacerbated because the intense battle among the global producers to increase market share kept prices down . he said general tire had difficulty getting price increases to hold despite tight supplies in some lines .
mrs. tompkins feels that esprit moved too fast at a time when it needed to pause and reorient its image . `` expansion put a lot of pressure on the { product } line , '' she says .
along with new menswear and children 's stores , limited plans separate stores selling just its limited forenza label . it also will launch a line of limited lingerie that will compete with its victoria 's secret lingerie chain .
such moves help cut costs as well as offer customers `` more real choices '' instead of lots of different vehicles with similar features , says donald t. sullivan , former director of planning for chevrolet . chevrolet is also adding new equipment , particularly in its truck line , which ford outsold in the 1987 model year by more than 200,000 vehicles .
as for new home sales , the outlook continues weak , as evidenced by the 3.3 % drop in august housing starts out last week . mr. resler added in jest that another `` indicator '' he likes to watch is `` the hostility level in grocery checkout lines . ''
< p > @ two regional bell telecommunications concerns posted higher second-quarter earnings , bolstered primarily by strong growth of telephone access lines , while a third bell company reported a decrease .
the lawyers say they hold out hope of treatment and legal redress to thousands of workers whose asbestos exposure has long been ignored by employers , government agencies and unions . but as the attorneys cross the line between law and medicine , their tactics are generating controversy as well as lawsuits .
but what is a travelogue , if not an effort to display only that which is attractive ? `` portrait '' shows one line of consumers , but quickly identifies them as new year 's celebrants in a `` shopping frenzy '' of gift-buying , because , as mr. scheider intones , `` the russians love their children . ''
the program was proving so popular that h & r block apparently could n't keep up with preparing all the returns . consequently , the spokesman at the kansas city , mo.-based company said , computer capacity has been increased 50 % , more telephone lines have been added and additional workers hired to handle the backlog of customers seeking to file electronically .
the application of pressure in matters of this kind requires a certain delicacy of touch and a measure of patience . it is like an angler who has only a light line to land a large fish .
edward , just six months old , mostly sleeps and eats banana mush . his mother mostly sits in lines and watches kung fu and wildlife films on the four closed-circuit television screens in the dingy reception area . about 300 other black people who have come to register for one thing or another are also waiting and watching , and more are standing in an even longer line outside .
later , he introduces `` oliver stone , the academy award winning writer of 'midnight cowboy ' '' -- who , in fact , had nothing whatever to do with that movie and who happened to be on his celebrated tour of duty in vietnam while waldo salt wrote the script . most surprising of all , but altogether typical of the avalanche of errors contained in his work , is the plot summary of `` network , '' in which mr. christensen describes anchorman peter finch crying out those deathless lines `` i 've had enough and i 'm not going to take it anymore ! ''
`` i 'm making $ 5.50 an hour ( in houston ) ; in mexico i was making 7,000 pesos ( about $ 5 ) a week . `` yesterday he took his place in line at midnight .
please , please do n't `` suddenly that was all . the line died .
but now he believes the risk is on the downside . with second-quarter pc software business down 5 % to 10 % from the march quarter and third-quarter prospects uncertain due to customer confusion about the new ibm line , the roberston colman analyst says , `` there is going to be an unusual lack of visibility at a time when investors needed some comfort . ''
ibm-brasil , established 71 years ago , is among the 20 largest private companies in brazil . it is the market leader in large computers but has been unable to sell its line of personal computers because of brazil 's controversial policy of reserving this market for national manufacturers .
the gunboat took its prize in tow , as the flagship signaled retirement for the small boats . the brigs and schooners advanced to get lines aboard their charges while the frigate , supporting with heavy fire , moved in toward the rocks through water that foamed with a hail of enemy projectiles .
the new 4000 lx uses a faster version of the chip and will sell for $ 3,999 , the company said . tandy also added a new computer using the 80286 microchip to its line .
however it is also rearranged and out of context to suit mr. billingsley 's contention . the very next line of my statment made it clear that i had been speaking satirically and that those views did not represent my own attitudes . mr. billingsley did not see fit to quote that line .
`` if i 've ever attended an electric evening , '' the general motors chairman said on a detroit radio talk show last week , `` that was it . `` he went on `` they have a very nice custom there of a receiving line . and as i went through the receiving line with my wife barbara , why , we 've gotten to know the president well enough that his aide does n't have to introduce us to him , he recognized us .
daewoo should know . to demonstrate solidarity and irritate daewoo motor , the union there got all workers to use only one of the plant 's 15 cafeterias , creating long lines and stopping work .
the chevy nova , for example , becomes the geo prizm , and like the others it will be sold exclusively through about 80 % of chevrolet 's 5,000 or so u.s. dealers . the introduction of the geo line marks the most ambitious attempt ever by detroit to succeed at something that has largely eluded the big three for 30 years marketing so-called captive imports -- vehicles made by a foreign company and sold through domestic dealerships .
although the average citizen is probably not harmed too much from washington 's rhetorical war against wall street regarding excessive financial leveraging , actual legislation would probably impose considerable harm . any such attempt to distinguish `` good debt '' from `` bad debt , '' or to draw the line at a particular industry , such as the airlines , is likely to blunt the spur that the proper amount of leverage provides both to equity markets and economic efficiency in general .
there are no other negotiations taking place for the time being . `` chrysler hopes that the program will increase sales of its own cars in dealerships that carry the alfa romeo line by increasing showroom traffic , gerald greenwald , chairman of the chrysler corp. unit said .
to my horror , i realize i have pulled too hard . down comes the green line as the great whistle blares forth , a shrill torrent of sound that wo n't stop .
gm said the move , in addition to other things , helps the company ensure that workers keep their skills sharp . the auto maker said the cutbacks will be particularly apparent in the celebrity and cutlass ciera model lines .
first boston has been trying to sell beatrice 's remaining food businesses , including swift-eckrich , since last september . but sources said mr. kelly has asked wasserstein , perella & co. -- the new investment banking firm formed by former first boston merger chiefs bruce wasserstein and joseph perella -- to peddle beatrice 's tropicana juice lines .
it was also wrong . as franchisees in any line are quick to point out , they own their businesses .
at the same time , ibm seems to have postponed the announcement of some products it was planning to bring out today . in particular , ibm had been widely expected to bring out laptops using the muscular 80386 chip and the less powerful 80286 , which is used in the middle of ibm 's ps/2 line .
fatimata sanga , the elderly woman cast as yaaba ( which means grandmother ) , is stringy , bald and toothless , yet she carries herself with an ethereal gracefulness . at a news conference , mr. ouedraogo said the script -- which is credited to him -- had to conform to ms. sanga 's inability to remember lines , or much of anything else .
mr. amerman said both of mattel 's core brands , barbie and hot wheels , are selling well in retail stores . the company 's line of infant and preschool products featuring disney-licensed characters and its new large doll , li'l miss makeup , are also selling briskly .
the big question about him is whether he can excite voters on the stump . seemingly anticipating this problem yesterday , he delivered lines that echoed john f. kennedy .
`` give it a prolonged blow . `` proudly , i give the green line a tug .
in addition , the fiscal stimulus from the reagan presidency 's record budget deficits has forced the fed to maintain a firmer policy than it might otherwise have done . meanwhile , increased foreign competition , domestic deregulation , and the wave of mergers and consolidation sweeping corporate america have pushed companies to lay off workers , shed unprofitable lines , adopt closer relationships with suppliers and tighten controls over inventories .
the movie 's only bona fide star is james earl jones as `` few clothes '' johnson , the impromptu leader of the black scabs . though his lines are few , the sheer bulk of his body and that resonant voice make his presence felt throughout .
consultants have said that it will take a while for all the pieces of the ibm strategy to fall into place , even though the specific products ibm unveiled will generally be available by the end of the first quarter . sam albert , a consultant in scarsdale , n.y. , said that in the past ibm has developed broad software strategies only for problems that crossed industry lines .
so did people magazine , ap and a dozen photographers . outside , a line of customers waited to get in .
`` this time i 'm doing it myself , `` said ace . he climbed over into the cutter and untied the line .
< p > @ calling on one line is a campaign aide deep into negotiations with the jesse jackson campaign over the rules for the 1992 presidential election . on another line is robert strauss , the former democratic chairman .
`` but smaller goods are strong . `` new york-based penney said apparel and soft home furnishings were its fastest-growing lines last month and contributed to a 5.5 % rise in february sales for stores open more than one year .
it works . mr. bartlett managed to more or less maintain moliere 's alexandrine verse form , 12 syllable lines in rhyming couplets .
industry executives and securities analysts have said mr. lowe , who was largely responsible for ibm 's entry into the pc business seven years ago , gambled and lost by prematurely killing off ibm 's at line and trying to get customers to switch to the ps/2 line of personal computers . while ibm consistently has said it is pleased with the ps/2 line , a group of its competitors announced last week that it was producing a computer design to compete with the ps/2 design .
the committee 's civilian anti-crime squads have stopped their nightly patrols . residents say they miss the committee 's weekend soup lines , which enriched their diets of rice , beans and bananas .
but sources said mr. kelly has asked wasserstein , perella & co. -- the new investment banking firm formed by former first boston merger chiefs bruce wasserstein and joseph perella -- to peddle beatrice 's tropicana juice lines . sources said it is believed salomon inc. 's salomon brothers inc. unit has been asked to sell two other beatrice lines , hunt tomato products and wesson cooking oil .
instead , government officials threw up their hands and claimed indirect trade was beyond their control . the new official line is that once taiwan products leave the island , the government has no say over where they go .
a second 8 % cut in august took nova production down to 550 cars daily . in addition to the nova , new united motors , also known as nummi , builds 200 toyota fx models a day , but does n't plan production cuts of that line , the spokesman said .
neither the program nor the critic 's review mentioned the name of the young woman who turned the pages for the piano accompanist . she , too , was superb , performing a most difficult job ; there were several passages where she had to turn the page back for a repeat of several lines of music .
lee thompson , beech-nut 's vice president , human resources , said the company has spent at least $ 10 million since 1983 to improve quality control . he also said it has changed the baby food line and `` upgraded all procedures . ''
her responsibilities included ordering supplies , typing sales reports , coordinating travel arrangements and making morning coffee . she also represented a small peripheral line she 'd learned about while cleaning out the office files .
the company 's venerable model 64 computer is in the final years of its life cycle and its personal computer line is up against new products from computer giants , including international business machines corp. , apple computer inc. and tandy corp. meanwhile , commodore is banking much of the company 's growth on its technologically impressive amiga computer line , which also is faced with numerous competitive obstacles in the u.s .
`` i get her first , '' says his friend and classmate kevin marski . meanwhile , a woman offers dan kelly a $ 1 bribe to cut into the bulging line and get ms. white to autograph a book .
basics are no secret to merchandisers . for many years major retailers identified basic items in all staple lines and made certain they were `` always available . ''
the museum raises the best catfish for eating in the world . `` freddy quickly brought up six or seven catfish , and then sally took over the line .
but because so few suits are filed over competitive tactics -- and almost none ever decided in court -- the hazy line between what 's fair and what 's illegal can be hard to pin down . `` the line is not easy to define , '' says mr. hanson .
advanced micro devices inc. , sunnyvale , calif. , and siemens ag of west germany said they agreed to jointly develop , manufacture and market microchips for data communications and telecommunications with an emphasis on the integrated services digital network . the integrated services digital network , or isdn , is an international standard used to transmit voice , data , graphics and video images over telephone lines .
foreign producers worked hard to establish themselves in the u.s. market and wo n't give up their gains without a fight . as was the case in some consumer lines , foreign producers drove many u.s. companies out of business in some industries , such as in certain lines of advanced construction , printing and textile machinery .
that would lift per-share earnings to between $ 4.48 and $ 4.68 ; analyst estimates lean toward the lower end of that range . at the may 17 meeting , pfizer is expected to expound on a number of new products , notably an advanced formula of its fast-selling heart drug procardia and a new line of antibiotics .
for a short time , they will donate a few cents from each sale to a charity . but scott paper co. has carried the idea further by creating a line of seven products , a portion of whose sales always go to charity .
washington , mo . another high school filled with teen-agers yelling as he steps out on a stage draped with so many flags i thought he might wear one . while he clears his throat to launch into his drugs , death and defense speech , reporters , a beat ahead , whisper his familiar opening line `` with all this excitement , i can feel what it 'll be like on election night . ''
then he was carried aft and flung into the sea . forty fifty sixty feet of line ran out , when wolf larsen cried `` belay ! ``
executives install high-tech equipment in houses to ease take-home chores . bert roberts jr. , president of mci communications corp. , has two computers , three telephone lines and a copying machine to handle the work he brings home at night and on weekends .
rep. john murtha ( d. , pa. ) , invoking the blessing of energy and commerce committee chairman john dingell ( d. , mich. ) , sought to extend this year 's deadline until 1989 , but backed down after being assured of an opportunity to offer the same amendment on the floor . `` there is a fine line between fixing the clean air act and gutting the act , '' said rep. edward boland ( d. , mass . ) , whose subcommittee oversees the environmental protection agency and who expects the issue to return before the house .
mr. levenson has boosted his to about 2.5 % , producing tv commercials based on the 1960s lovin ' spoonful song , `` did you ever have to make up your mind . `` he is remodeling stores to speed up the serving lines by splitting off the slow-moving dessert and beverage sections from the entree and vegetable line .
under the contract hydro-quebec was to supply 400 megawatts of power to central maine power starting in 1992 , 600 megawatts starting in 1995 and 900 megawatts starting in 2000. hydro-quebec said maine regulators ' refusal to approve the contract means central maine power has lost its place in line .
early on the third day after our encounter with the british cruisers , we found the lonely belchen at the designated place . approaching slowly , we identified ourselves , exchanged courtesies through the megaphone , and caught the line to which the oil hose was fastened .
the company cited higher unit sales growth in most product lines , particularly in international markets ; a weaker dollar , and inclusion of the results of alkaril chemicals ltd. , which gaf acquired in the fourth quarter of 1987. earnings from building-materials lines fell 13 % to $ 9.1 million , though sales rose 17 % to $ 119.5 million .
for the year ended sept. 27 , sales were $ 1.9 billion . american standard has made restructuring moves , strengthening its position in the repair and remodeling markets and emphasizing lines with higher margins .
a spokesman for the nsa declined to comment on the agency 's role in the iran-contra affair . intelligence sources said the encryption devices , described as computer-type keyboards that are connected to ordinary telephone lines , are n't the most sophisticated such machines developed by the nsa .
no one had the heart to kill it , however , so it was spared and christened sinbad . with a line tied to its foot , it became master of the foredeck , while safi kept to the cabin area .
the company does n't disclose how much of its revenue -- $ 13.3 billion in 1987 -- is derived from film sales , but film is kodak 's cash cow . the vr-g line of 35mm color-print amateur film , introduced three years ago , is aimed at the fastest-growing market for film .
to break the record , the dancers will have to follow certain rules , says david hoy , managing director of the record book 's editorial offices in middlesex , england . at least 10,443 people will have to actually dance -- hands on hips to a syncopated latin rhythm -- and the line will have to remain unbroken .
`` hullo , hullo . do n't go away ... . hullo ... . `` the line was dead .
american honda motor co. 's acura division is increasing base prices on its 1988 legend cars 1.5 % to 7.9 % . peugeot motors of america said base prices for its entire 1988 model line will rise 1 % to 9.9 % .
the possible imports are further evidence of the increased buying power of the japanese yen , and part of an effort to expand isuzu 's product line , a gm spokesman said . gm owns 42.4 % of isuzu , which makes three lines of subcompact passenger cars .
today 's wardrobe for many men is triple layered suits for work , activewear for sports and trendy sports coats , shirts and slacks for entertaining . and it 's the two leisure lines that have surging sales .
but ad industry executives , cosmetics marketers and cosmetics analysts said that while clarion 's sales have been strong , they have met neither the company 's nor analysts ' expectations since the product was launched with much hoopla in september 1986. clarion is a moderately priced line meant to appeal to women over 30 years old who have sensitive skin .
meanwhile , staples ' competitors are n't standing still . discount warehouse chains like price co. and costco wholesale corp. , which sell a variety of products and reportedly receive almost 10 % of their revenues from sales of office products , plan to expand office-supplies line .
`` we 're so broadly based across the economy that we just reflect what 's happening , '' mr. frankel said . aceto 's line of chemicals used in dyes and pigments have done `` particularly well this year , '' mr. frankel said , because of the strong demand for color inks used in magazines and newspapers .
and here they were , nearing the breakwater , and the civilian pilot was coming on board to lay them alongside the finger pier , bright in the blazing lights which revealed all the feverish activity of the yard . the lines were hardly secured before a dozen men were ready to come on board naval officers and civilians in approximately equal numbers .
ametek inc. said it completed the acquisition of general electric co. 's instrument-products unit in exchange for $ 110 million and the transfer of an ametek plastics plant to ge . ametek , a paoli , pa. , industrial manufacturer , said the acquisition would strongly complement its lines of jet-aircraft instruments .
he makes an authoritative spokesman . a member of one of the handful of distinguished families that dominate the art , he belongs to the kabuki acting line of omodaka , which has flourished for six generations .
since then , paramount 's `` star trek v '' and `` indiana jones '' have followed , while orion 's `` great balls of fire '' has experimented with a 900 number in a very limited way . < /p > < p > so far , though , most of the phone lines have been disappointing . interactive 's mr. lottimer , for example , says he expected to get more than one million phone calls on the `` star trek '' and `` indiana jones '' lines , which his company worked on , but response was in the `` high six figures '' instead .
the pepperidge farm division of campbell soup is also trying to appeal to consumers worried about heart ailments . its ads tout the fiber content of a new line of breads and note that `` diets high in soluble fiber can help lower serum cholesterol , a risk factor for heart disease . ''
armstrong is a unit of the pirelli group of italy . however , a spokesman for armstrong in new haven , conn. , said the study apparently was based on dated information , explaining that its tru trac line was phased out in early 1986 and replaced with a line called coronet ultra trac , which was rated in the study to last between 40,000 and 44,000 miles . another armstrong line cited in the study was discontinued in 1984 , the armstrong spokesman said .
< p > @ stratus computer inc. introduced a more powerful line of fault-tolerant computers designed to rapidly handle many transactions from distant terminals .
he stomped around tampa threatening to molest the skins in various ugly ways , including tearing off their lips ( ugh ! ) . alzado also got off the best pre-sb line i 've heard .
some food shortages were reported . tourism slumped and lines for visas and passports formed as people sought to leave the south pacific nation .
in your may 21 story about the phone industry billing customers for unconnected calls , i was surprised that you did not discuss whether such billing is appropriate . a caller who keeps a line open waiting for a connection uses communications switching and transmission equipment just as if a conversation were taking place .
and by borrowing exterior and dashboard-styling cues from mercedes-benz , say some experts , lexus risks getting a `` copycat '' label instead of a distinct identity . also , while lexus 's prices compare favorably with those of european cars , they do n't look particularly attractive alongside the prices of ford 's lincoln line and general motors corp. 's cadillac division .
what do you want me to do ? `` broke in eugene eagerly , interrupting vautrin . `` almost nothing at all , `` rejoined he , allowing a movement of joy to escape him , inexorable as the expression of the angler who feels a fish at the end of his line . ``
a previous increase occurred last may , when the san francisco aids foundation issued a strong plea for people to consider early testing and treatment . in new york city last week , `` eight to 14 telephone lines were ringing at once , in contrast to the usual four to five , '' said susan rosenthal , director of aids counseling and testing for seven city test sites .
gen. pinochet has expressed `` particular faith in the women of chile . `` final results had been expected around midnight , but the long lines delayed the vote count .
mr. instone said the company has an order backlog valued at `` about $ 16.6 million , up from $ 12.1 million at this time last year . `` initial response has been strong for a new line of uninterruptible power supplies designed for sophisticated electronic equipment , he said .
< p > @ general housewares corp. agreed to sell most of its leyse cookware line and a related manufacturing plant in wisconsin to vollrath co. , sheboygan , wis .
the company also owns such major liquor brands as jim beam , old granddad and old crow . other lines include swingline office products , case cutlery , titleist and foot-joy golf items and master locks .
but i do n't really consider it a very grave infringement of morality . `` all the critics , however , seem to believe that the lines `` transmitted '' by mr. macdonald in his advertising campaign are somehow inferior to the version that appears in anthologies .
in addition , the company said its sales and service personnel will target new markets for the system . debugging the software for the two-year old i/a series was `` far more complex than . . . with our earlier lines , '' but `` is now in place and functioning . ''
`` at least 25 % of the rest will be flops . `` crystal starr is the central character in a line of dolls called `` moondreamers , '' which hasbro has spent two years developing .
globe editors say mr. taylor 's hand is light . `` we talk over major things , but bill does n't look over every line of copy , '' says martin nolan , editorial page editor .
do n't even put that phone down . keep this line open and stick that phone in general cooper 's face the instant he comes through that door .
fra 's programs manage the data bases of a museum 's members , donors , and prospective donors , as well as generate standard paperwork such as membership-renewal reminders and year-end reports for donors for tax purposes . the american federation of the arts , an association of art museums , has been working with a software consultant , the williamson group , for several years and offers a line of software designed especially for art museums .
if statistics were collected , manhattan island would be terrified by an astronomical trade deficit . in another sense it is an artifact of economic fashion a reflection of where economists currently choose to draw lines in a great circle of transactions once everything -- goods , services , bonds and so on -- is included , the accounts must balance ; for every buyer there has to be a seller .
dinner-table conversation was recorded by the kgb , which made soviet citizens fearful of ideological misstatements , which made their dinner-table conversation boring . but not as boring as shopping in soviet grocery stores , waiting in long lines , being abused by surly state employees , and finding almost nothing for sale .
net for the year rose 57 % to $ 202.5 million , or $ 4.36 a share . that compares with the prior year 's $ 129.1 million , or $ 2.68 a share , which included $ 5.9 million of profit from discontinued lines and a $ 3 million gain from the sale of much of the formica brand products group 's business .
the yard families fortunate enough to have yard space are no doubt already using it for soft ball , pitching practice , touch football , and the like . badminton is a great family game , and a clothes line may be used for a net in a pinch .
celestial seasonings , a boulder , colo. , maker of 35 different kinds of specialty teas , was acquired by kraft , a glenview , ill. , maker of food products , in 1984. kraft decided to sell celestial seasonings in part of a broad review of core lines .
`` the obvious surprise is how well our sales are doing , '' said robert saltmarsh , apple 's treasurer , who added that their sales growth `` is really broadly based . `` apple has enjoyed continued strong sales of its macintosh line of personal computers to the important business market .
the credit line , to be used for working capital , extends through march 31 , 1990 , and replaces a $ 60 million bank credit line that expired jan. 31. as previously reported , international technology said last month that it needed to negotiate additional credit , because cash from operations and existing bank credit would n't be enough to fund operations until the company receives proceeds from the sale of certain discontinued lines .
sirjang lal tandon , chairman of tandon , said tandon decided to sell its winchester disk drive operations to `` concentrate all our resources on our personal computer and subsystem product lines . `` the company 's computer and subsystem lines are expected to account for about 85 % of its revenue in the fourth quarter .
the ad agencies competing for the saturn account have n't been given many details about the cars saturn will make . the saturn line is expected to feature cars that are smaller and lighter than the current gm cars .
with existing imprints in canada , australia and new zealand , doubleday hopes to coordinate publication of titles throughout the english-speaking world . . . who 's news nan talese , vice president and editor-in-chief of the adult trade division of houghton mifflin co. , will join doubleday next month as senior vice president and editorial director of her own line of books . . .
international business machines corp. said it has asked computer-accessory makers to produce adaptor cards for its ps/2 line of computers that will enable them to transfer data two to four times faster than they currently do . ibm said the cards will unlock capabilities already built into its ps/2 line , which features the so-called micro channel data pathway .
the directions must be designed as carefully as the product itself , more companies are finding . for instance , prodigy services co. , a joint venture of international business machines corp. and sears , roebuck & co. , worked for three years to develop its system for shopping and retrieving information from a home computer over telephone lines .
`` we told him he could bid with other developers , '' says meyer frucher , the president of the battery park city authority . `` sam said he did n't want to stand in a delicatessen line . ''
a more balanced comparison rises from sir isaiah berlin 's modern distinction between foxes and hedgehogs ( the european equivalent of our porcupines ) . sir isaiah based his scheme of classification on a line from the greek poet archilochus `` the fox knows many things , but the hedgehog knows one big thing . ''
priced at $ 2.5 million to $ 14 million , the machines incorporate the same motorola inc. 2,500-macrocell silicon-based array chip used in the y series . initially the ea line will offer as much as twice the memory of the y-mp .
various vampires and zombies accosted my wife and me . the park draws the line at spooking in restrooms as well as using devil worship and `` excessive acts of violence '' as themes , mr. zanville says .
one dealer said nissan told him that the sports coupe would be priced in the low- $ 30,000 range ; the sedan may be priced in the mid- $ 30,000 range . he added that nissan currently is considering introducing the line in the fall of 1988 as 1989 models .
in this , his first play , he takes the role of the obnoxious , abusive host of a radio call-in show , and lets other actors play the obliging colleagues at the station and the lonely , sometimes demented listeners who call in . this looks like a real play , with david jenkins 's equipment-filled radio studio ; with actors , under the direction of frederick zollo , walking on and off delivering lines ; and with a possibly dangerous , certainly deranged fan bursting into the studio for a face-to-face confrontation .
not all manufacturers are relying on productivity improvements to strengthen their positions . parker manufacturing corp. , for one , is adding a flashier , `` high-fashion '' look to its traditional line of conservatively styled costume jewelry .
stump appearances are chosen to highlight the message visually and to look good on the night 's network television-news shows . snappy lines are inserted in the speeches , some of them tested in advance , that are almost guaranteed to become `` sound bites . ''
year-earlier net included a gain of about $ 8.6 million from sale of a division . burlington also noted gains in some industrial and home-furnishing lines .
for minutes it was like a slapstick comedy . we 'd jump ; we 'd swing out to the ends of our lines as if we were flying .
he was known for a reserved personal style but for incisive strategic thinking . in his tenure , rjr divested non-consumer businesses like shipping and oil and increasingly branched out from tobacco into food and soft-drink lines .
in an interview , david f. parkinson , chief financial officer , said phoenix will book a restructuring charge for the current quarter . he said the company has tightened its revenue-recognition policies and will drop its effort to provide basic software to manufacturers of computers that are based on the sparc microprocessor line from sun microsystems inc .
a chemical spokesman said , `` this transaction is consistent with chemical 's anti-apartheid south african policy in every way . `` he noted a line in the bank 's policy statement `` we have a policy against making loans to private non-banking corporations for their operations in south africa . ''
at the hearing yesterday , judge kennedy said , `` it seems to me that most americans , most lawyers , most judges believe liberty includes protection of a value we know as privacy . `` `` there is a zone of liberty , '' he added , `` . . . where a line is drawn where the individual can tell the government , 'beyond this line , you may not go . ' the great question is where to draw that line . ''
the japanese auto maker will discontinue the charade csx , at $ 9,232 now the costliest of the three models it sells in the u.s. and the most sporty daihatsu , with air conditioning and a premium stereo system as standard features . in its place , daihatsu will offer the charade ces at a $ 6,197 base price , lowest in the line .
retailers thought the change -- to bolder colors , busier patterns and higher prices -- too much for the arrow man . for the most part , they rejected the new sport shirt line , forcing cluett to unload much of it to discounters at fire-sale prices .
@ four-wheel drive @ mercedes-benz adds four-wheel-drive cars to its u.s. line for the first time with the 300e 4matic sedan and 300te 4matic station wagon .
the retailer said it will upgrade stores in norfolk , hampton and virginia beach for a total cost of $ 12 million . at these stores , furniture and certain other lines will be discontinued ; that space will be devoted to apparel .
mr. jacobs said he did n't intend to use the borrowing in another takeover . the transaction also calls for volvo north america 's marine division , volvo penta of america , to supply as much as 20 % of the engines for genmar 's boat lines through june 30 , 1991 .
and i wondered if it made it harder for ruby to grow up with a long neck and bony arms and freckles , after she 'd dreamed about being rich and glamorous . i went around to the back of the house , and aunt lou was coming in from the yard with her clothes basket full of clothes taken down from the line .
the investment group was led by leach mcmicking & co. , a san francisco investment banking firm . the sale is part of allied 's continuing program to concentrate on its aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials lines , a spokesman said .
< p > @ digital equipment corp. is expected next week to unveil low-priced computers and workstations in its popular vax line that will make the company much more competitive with other makers of engineering computers .
the division makes computer storage tapes for commercial customers . the company said the planned sale will permit it to concentrate on its more lucrative military lines of computer products .
< p > @ digital equipment unveiled three midrange computers in its vax line , indicating the company is moving to limit possible inroads by ibm .
he aroused an angry backlash in canada when he suggested that canada is demanding strong u.s. acid-rain controls to improve its own energy exports to the u.s. his wide-ranging comments on energy policies have irritated energy secretary john herrington , who has publicly disagreed with mr. hodel 's predictions of gasoline shortages and gas-station lines in two to five years .
a mattel spokesman said it is targeting the infant and preschool toy market for expansion . he said that while the company will continue to make other unrelated toys for that market , all new products will be disney brands and will represent a `` significant '' portion of its preschool lines .
`` the trend is to respect individual privacy a lot more and tolerate unorthodox life styles , '' says terry l. leap , a management professor at clemson university who has studied off-duty firings . he adds that the growing use of drug testing -- and subsequent firings -- has heightened the issue because it 's `` drawing the line between public and private conduct . ''
those numbers should improve in 1987 because banks have pledged to lend more than $ 9 billion to mexico , argentina and nigeria this year . but there is a long line of debtor countries looking for more loans .
he maintained that forstmann little has acted with `` total integrity '' and `` we need no advice from you in this regard . `` separately , quaker oats co. 's chairman and chief executive officer , william d. smithburg , said he would be interested in any rjr businesses put up for sale that related to the chicago concern 's own lines .
officials of the recording industry association of america , the group leading the opposition to digital tape recorders , could n't be reached for comment . separately , as expected , tandy unveiled a personal computer , the tandy 5000 , compatible with ibm 's personal system/2 line .
`` the average person is n't interested . `` nor does mr. farley want viewers to remember him displaying the company 's latest line of underwear .
in detroit , a chrysler corp. official said the company currently has no rear-seat lap and shoulder belts in its light trucks , but plans to begin phasing them in by the end of the 1990 model year . he said chrysler fully expects to have them installed across its light-truck line by the sept. 1 , 1991 , deadline .
< p > @ advanced micro devices inc. said japan 's hitachi ltd. will use the sunnyvale , calif. , company 's am29000 microprocessor chip as the heart of a new line of medical instruments .
among the new products rubbermaid is introducing are modular home office products , just now being shipped , and molded outdoor furniture , under the new brand name sundial , which will be introduced in early 1987. mr. gault said orders for both lines are `` very encouraging . ''
just yesterday , chrysler doubled the rebates on those omni and horizon subcompacts to $ 1,500 -- a whopping 23 % discount . such discounting put more pressure on its minivans and jeeps to generate profit , but those lines are about to be bombarded by new competitors .
the closing of the plant , which makes bias passenger and truck tires and radial light truck tires , will result in the layoff of 1,300 workers . the unit said any charges for the closing were included in a $ 65 million provision its parent took in last year 's fourth quarter for the restructuring of its north american tire lines .
viewers can call a 900 number for additional advice , which will be tailored to their needs based on the numbers they punch ( `` press one if you 're pregnant , '' etc. ) . if the caller stays on the line and leaves a name and address for the sponsor , coupons and a newsletter will be mailed , and the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers .
yesterday , ibm stock rose 12.5 cents to close at $ 116.125 a share , while baxter international common closed unchanged at $ 22.25 , both in new york stock exchange composite trading . separately , ibm announced that it had authorized the opening of 41 new dealerships that will sell its ps/2 personal computer line , marking the end of a moratorium it declared four years ago .
the company also owns such major liquor brands as jim beam , old grand-dad and old crow . other lines include swingline office products , case cutlery , titleist and foot-joy golf items and master locks .
international minerals & chemical corp. said its mallinckrodt inc. unit is divesting a handful of peripheral businesses as part of an effort to focus on lines with higher profit margins and stronger market positions . proceeds from the sale of the various lines are expected to exceed $ 100 million , the company said .
and , at a time of shrinking medical income , the exploitation of medical fashions offers a rich opportunity for financial gain . the lines are drawn .
`` they 've had tremendous market response for the workstation products , '' he said . stephen k. smith , computer analyst with painewebber inc. , cautioned that hewlett-packard 's profit margin fell 1 % in the quarter to 7.2 % , a sign that brisk demand for the company 's products may not be concentrated in its more profitable lines .
sales at sears stores open at least a year actually declined slightly in the quarter , analysts said . and profit was hurt by higher markdowns in apparel at the stores , and in several lines of catalog merchandise sears is trying to clear out before discontinuing .
the best way to reduce erosion is to lower price supports and target-prices that make it profitable for farmers to plant on marginal , highly erosive low-yielding ground . the conservation reserve program is simply one more of a long line of evasions to avoid dealing with the fundamental irrationality of our agricultural programs .
j boats inc. , newport , r.i. , predicts sales of 22-foot to 36-foot sailboats will double in the next 10 years . still , some sailboat makers hedge their bets by starting powerboat lines ; others drop their sailboat lines altogether .
< p > @ clones of ibm 's new line of personal computers could appear next summer following a california firm 's announcement that it has duplicated a key device inside the machines .
but the old 1000 machine was discontinued last month , he said , and regina is in the process of introducing a new version . mr. dorn added that other regina lines have n't had such high rates of return .
she added 1980s sunglasses , patches and labeling , and had the company sponsor a women 's surfing cup . mrs. gibson also helped originate limited 's pseudo-italian forenza line and has introduced new labels like outback red , an australian safari look , and axcess accessories .
in addition , mainframe sales rose a bit even though they have been shipped in volume for three years and sales could normally be expected to slip at this stage of the product cycle . ibm said sales of the new line of personal computers were strong .
< p > @ place a phone order through most any catalog and chances are the clerk who answers wo n't be the only one on the line .
the partnership also said that it might sell the holdings . in a securities and exchange commission filing , haddad said its affiliates hold licenses to distribute the hush puppies line of clothing and therefore have a business relationship with wolverine , which makes those products .
but he said he interceded with japanese ministries and won `` a liberal interpretation of the rules. '' mr . butler said he agreed to the purchase because it would give avx access to a broad line of parts that it could sell in europe , where avx currently generates 25 % of its $ 408 million of annual sales . mr. butler also cited kyocera 's technology ; while avx and kyocera both make capacitors , kyocera also makes a broad line of electronics , including printer heads , liquid crystal displays and personal computers .
< p > @ international business machines corp. introduced a line of telephone-switching devices that it hopes will shore up its position in the huge but fiercely competitive market .
sales , which plummeted to $ 8 million last year from nearly $ 35 million in 1984 , are expected to hit $ 12 million this year and more than $ 20 million in 1989. less than a year ago , mr. kramer was importing about 60 % of his line to survive and bracing for the end .
the news provides a lot of the jokes . about a half hour before the show , the cast of six gathers backstage to brainstorm about new lines .
it features many of the new york area 's leading politicians and media figures , but mixes up their jobs and genealogies to such an extent that part of the fun is figuring out exactly who is who . `` family politics '' tells the story of the surviving remnant of the daley family , the makers of a notable line of cars whose business has fallen into disrepair and whose members are falling into the kind of financial condition that only the wealthy could consider poverty-stricken .
the unit prospered last year from the now-past fad for safari clothes and accessories . others wonder whether gap , which enjoyed a startling turnaround two years ago after hiring marketing expert millard s. drexler , may have made a misstep when it recently moved away from some of the lines that brought it out of obscurity .
profitability has been aided by manufacturing efficiencies . ast also plans to expand its computer line , adding less-expensive models for small businesses and more powerful ones for computer-aided design and desk-top publishing .
motorola inc. and five of its former top semiconductor engineers who it sued last week for misappropriating confidential information reached a preliminary agreement that could result in the settlement of the lawsuit . according to a filing with a texas state court in austin , the five employees who now work for ross technology inc. of austin , agreed to refrain from using or sharing technical and marketing information about motorola 's line of microprocessor chips .
wilson has long had a reputation for innovation , new products and smart marketing . even through the difficult times since it was spun off by ltv corp. in 1981 , the company maintained a research program that helped develop its deli line and new technology for tenderizing fresh pork for its tendercuts brand .
-- set up a fur-production factory as early as next year . -- diversify into other lines of soviet business , including trading in textiles , syringes and condoms .
you knew one thing good pitching , which the dodgers had , beats good hitting , which was the a 's previous long suit . that line ought to go over the entrance at cooperstown .
some , such as monsanto co. , have shed nearly all their commodity chemicals . others , such as dow chemical co. , are retaining certain basic products and building complementary specialty lines .
canada 's elizabeth manley , who unexpectedly won a silver medal in figure skating , is being considered by three u.s. companies for ads that would run in canada and parts of the u.s. , says her agent , michael a. rosenberg of beverly hills . another of his clients , u.s. figure-skater jill trenary , did n't even win a medal but is still being considered by a hair-care line , he says .
mr. canion also said compaq , which has traditionally tried to outpace ibm in hardware enhancements , was following ibm in announcing the availability of os/2 because the operating system `` is an area where you do n't want two companies fighting over which version is right . `` ibm maintains that os/2 will run faster and with clearer graphics on its personal system/2 line of computers than on comparable compaq computers .
`` when john came out of natasha 's room and ran into paul and myself , `` he went on , `` he was embarrassed not to see paul , who understood the situation perfectly , but to see me . for my benefit , he made up a ridiculously lame excuse ; that he had been trying to telephone from natasha 's room , but that the line was engaged .
and nestle hopes the de benedetti interests , which include buitoni pasta and perugina chocolates , will generate similar ideas and improvements for other markets . rowntree 's chocolate business would strengthen nestle by adding snack products to its well-known line of chocolate bars .
fruit of the loom , which was farley apparel inc. until being renamed last month , will offer today 27 million common shares at $ 9 apiece . the renamed offering does n't include the farley lines of acme and dingo boots . originally part of the offering , the lines will remain part of mr. farley 's huge privately held conglomerate .
libya 's col. moammar gadhafi was given the floor at the summit 's close to deliver a long lecture on the history of liberation movements , likening the struggle of the palestinians to the fight of the algerians against the french . among the moderates , jordan 's king hussein in particular managed here to walk a fine line between demonstrating support for the palestinians and appearing to wish to usurp the plo 's position as the legitimate spokesman for palestinians .
i became rather fond of m , a casually self-deprecating fellow played by patrick o'connell . he keeps humor and horror nicely in balance for 90 minutes and lets the terror palpitate through his lines .
`` i think the government wants to use market forces , rather than regulations , to make the companies achieve economies of scale , '' says mr. pinon . government free-traders hope that producers will cease production of some lines that could more effectively be imported , and turn out more of the models they make best .
the words `` democratic '' and `` liberal '' have become synonymous -- the health of liberalism is now measured by the success of the democratic party in the latest presidential election . the line between policy analyst and political tactician has become similarly blurred .
`` yes we did , and now somebody 's got themselves a half-ton of zv gas in binary aerosol cylinders , and we want to know who . `` `` you certainly ought to be concerned , `` graves said , `` but this is an open line . ``
< p > @ gencorp inc. said its general tire unit will increase prices on its replacement tire lines 2 % to 5 % effective nov. 2 .
international business machines corp. , in a move apparently aimed at shoring up lagging software development efforts , has formed a new software division . in addition , ibm has established a marketing unit that will focus on its midrange computer line , which has been under siege from rivals such as digital equipment corp .
he said the instruction that most confused the jurors as they continued to deliberate was one line on a special verdict form that read , `` without such unanimous agreement , you must find the defendant not guilty of count one '' -- a racketeering charge . mr. bryce said the jurors asked the judge for a specific clarification of that one line .
consumer and small-business banking is overseen by mr. middlemas , the president , while big corporate customers are overseen by james w. thompson , chairman of the southeast bank . the southeast bank also focuses ncnb on customer-group lines , rather than according to geography .
chicago pacific also has a furniture operation , which analysts note is an awkward fit with maytag 's appliance focus , and which likely will be sold to help finance the acquisition . the furniture lines could fetch about $ 300 million , estimates mr. ryan of merrill lynch .
so the men made their own . men forged hooks and filched nylon lines from aerial kites and weather balloons .
most importantly , consultants say , as president of ibm 's communications products division last year , she was one of the few executives to exceed her 1987 budget projections and has become a protege of powerful ibm executive terry lautenbach . as the newly named general manager of ibm communication systems group , mrs. hancock , 44 years old , takes responsibility for about $ 4 billion to $ 5 billion in revenue from ibm 's entire line of telecommunications products .
the day was saturated with the weight of its own impending history . long lines of people waited to buy special souvenir world series postcards with official postmarks .
gm has scheduled overtime shifts tomorrow at its baltimore truck plant and for postal vehicle production at its moraine , ohio , truck plant . gm 's pontiac , mich. , west plant , which builds blazer and jimmy sport utility trucks , will be closed until jan. 18 for installation of a new engine line .
discontent is strongest among the young . `` many young people here are critical of the government , '' says a jean-clad teen-ager waiting in a block-long line outside cafe nord , an east berlin disco .
byte magazine posed that question to 5,000 attendees of a recent trade show . the top vote-getter , with 32 % os/2 , the system inside international business machines corp. 's new line of personal computers . but dos , the system inside ibm 's previous line , trailed close behind with 30 % , suggesting a big chunk of the industry is still resisting ibm 's push for os/2 .
freddy reached into the box and brought out a small fishing rod in three sections . he fitted two of them together , strung the line along its length , and then , dropping the whole apparatus through the open pane , extended it over the next tank and lowered the hooks .
a local minister forbade his congregation to see `` hamlet '' -- presumably because of cuss words added by the company . and there were mishaps , as when gus watson , the grocer , forgot the line `` how now lord hamlet '' and settled for `` hi . ''
< p > @ control data corp. enhanced its general-purpose mainframe computer line with four top-end machines featuring larger memories and more computing capacity .
< p > @ nissan motor corp. , in a bid to boost market share at the expense of detroit 's big three auto makers and other rivals in a sluggish sales environment , said it is cutting prices on an important compact car line .
many mutual funds offer telephone switching privileges where an investor can call to switch out of a stock mutual fund into a money-market fund at the end of that day 's trading . but sometimes a fund 's telephone lines are jammed . when stock prices made sharp corrections earlier this year , some investors complained they tried unsuccessfully for three and four days to get through to mutual funds on 800-number telephone lines .
< p > @ a consumer-health group accused an rjr nabisco inc. unit of misleading consumers about the contents of a popular line of fruit drinks .
as might happen in a real shoot , the countdown was interrupted several times because of problems , and it was soon determined that a key radar station on wake island in the pacific ocean was not operating properly . a line check was made and the malfunction traced to a switching center in hawaii .
as part of the transaction , at & t will obtain exclusive technology and marketing rights to harris 's vsat earth stations that it currently markets . it also will acquire all existing inventory , test systems and related equipment of the vsat line .
the company said overall expenses in the quarter jumped 16 % to $ 2.69 billion from $ 2.31 billion a year earlier . non-telephone operations and growth in new telephone lines helped revenue surge 11 % to $ 3.46 billion from $ 3.11 billion a year earlier .
it also is trying to improve logistics and make production more efficient to compete better with german counterparts . it 's setting up manufacturing in local markets with local designers , including some lower-priced lines , instead of concentrating mainly on making clothes in italy for export .
the philadelphia-based telecommunications concern also said it hopes this will lead to more contract work as the dutch government proceeds with long-range plans to modernize its telephone system . the dutch network has about six million telephone access lines , making it slightly larger than new jersey 's network , which also serves a densely populated area .
the rating concern had placed mca on its creditwatch list in october after the company authorized buying back as many as 10 million of its common shares . s & p said that while mca 's theater and television entertainment businesses remain strong and its record and book lines have performed well , `` financial risk has risen in recent years , suggesting an increased emphasis by management on shareholder values . ''
the negro had the line and it was hard to tell who was pulling what , when lepeters saw boners march to the rear of the boat , yank out a pistol , and with perfect aim drill two shots through the fish 's head . `` what the fuck 'd you do that to the fish for ? `` said the skipper , holding a suddenly slack line .
another group is negotiating to license a line of clothing created by a team of 20 american and soviet designers . the line , `` design for peace , '' will make its debut at the dallas apparel mart next month .
< p > @ moog inc. said it agreed in principle to sell its carleton line of precision pneumatic components for $ 30 million to fr group plc of britain .
but officials close to mr. carlucci said the new national security adviser is determined to serve as an honest broker between the pentagon , the state department , the cia and other agencies . the officials said mr. carlucci also has been careful to secure a direct line to president reagan , bypassing white house chief of staff donald regan .
bally 's drive into the hotel-casino industry has made health clubs an increasingly awkward fit , analysts said , and thus the most likely candidate for divestiture . by shedding the health-club line , bally could focus on its remaining operations -- gambling machines , state lotteries and amusement centers .
< p > @ eastman kodak co. , expanding both its high-end and low-end camera line , introduced four new cameras , including a 35mm version that will likely sell for less than $ 50 .
that was enough distance in this thick air to walk out of sight of each other , as we soon discovered . these lines , not chain but light , tough rope , too strong to be broken , were all one needed to be sure he would not float off in space when he stepped or jumped .
but analysts say many banks might be forced to deal with such reductions in equity by selling assets and issuing stock to buttress their shareholders equity . mr. levi thinks a sharper line will be drawn in the future between well-capitalized banks that can `` gracefully '' buttress reserves and those `` who will be really hurt . ''
nashua corp. said it agreed to buy low-priced copiers and related supplies from mita industrial co. of japan for distribution outside the u.s. nashua said the mita line will complement the midrange ricoh co. copiers and expensive international business machines corp. copiers it distributes outside the u.s .
amc executives have said they are frustrated about the timing of the bid , contending amc was just about to turn the corner after a string of troubled years . the company 's jeep sales are strong and amc is just now introducing lines of larger renault cars that could finally give it a position in a broader segment of the auto market -- but only if currently skeptical buyers start returning to amc 's showrooms .
the first machine is designed for multiple simultaneous users via separate terminals in an office network , the second for use by a few scientists or engineers . the new microvax models are likely to provide strong competition for ibm 's 9370 line introduced last year -- and internally identified as the `` vax-killer . ''
`` they want us to go along with them on the bush effort , in a public way . you admire people 's zeal , but you have to draw the line , '' says sister joy kronenberger , c.d.p. , who operates an active pro-life education , poster and prayer program for the diocese .
mr. virnich said it was his understanding that his predecessor intended to make an offer to purchase eac , which for more than a month has been seeking a buyer . while he reiterated today that eac is proceeding with that effort , mr. virnich said , `` we 've got a lot of interested parties , adding that mr. fritzsche is `` going to be in the same line with everyone else . ''
he succeeds richard t. gerstner , who has a chronic back problem that has kept him from working full-time and who will move into an unspecified , special assignment . mr. cannavino , 45 years old , will bring more technical knowledge to the job than mr. gerstner possessed -- at a time when the line between personal computers and workstations is blurring , creating a confusing array of technical choices .
sequent makes computers that harness as many as 30 so-called parallel microprocessors to provide the power of a conventional mainframe computer for a much lower cost . in the fourth quarter , sequent shipped 80 computer systems , 37 of which represented the initial shipments of its new symmetry line of computers that use intel corp. 's state-of-the-art 80386 microprocessors .
olivetti also is responsible for all personal-computer and workstation development for american telephone & telegraph co. , a relationship that could complicate olivetti 's talks with ibm . in addition , clones of ibm 's ps/2 line are expected to be marketed in the u.s. soon .
the acquisitions of six other companies are pending , with completion scheduled before year end . rochester telephone expects to serve more than 600,000 access lines in six states when the acquisitions are completed .
decisions percolated to the top for even minor entertainment expenses . until recently , vice chairman j. phillip samper , who heads photographic and information products , could be called upon to make a decision on any one of 50,000 products . ( now business-unit managers are responsible for their own lines . )
the details came through around two in the afternoon . the voice which claimed to be mr. szemzo seemed to be consulting at the other end of the line with someone at the bank .
equality , on its positive side , reflects the desire of individuals to emulate the good life as exemplified by others , to catch up , to improve , to excel , to realize more fully their potential , to develop and express themselves , to contribute , to count ( and be counted ) as responsible actors in their time . but across a thin line lies the other aspect of the drive for equality .
< p > @ general motors corp. 's chevrolet division said it is offering $ 750 cash incentives on all 1990 models of its full-size blazer and suburban truck lines .
as previously reported , apple is expected to use the same forum to announce tomorrow a formal agreement with digital equipment corp. for joint development of products that link computers made by the two companies . apple 's new laserwriter ii family of printers , which will replace its previous line of laser printers , will be priced from $ 2,799 to $ 6,599 .
a few years ago , the laptop was simply called z171 . the latest models , introduced with a `` road warriors '' theme in april , are in a line dubbed supersport .
the platform is crowded with soldiers buying tickets to chimoio , the next stop on the corridor . a boy with a basketball , which could use some air , also waits in line .
in the 1970s , toshiba focused on integrated circuits for consumer goods , neglecting the industrial chips used in computers . by the time the company began making those chips , nec and hitachi ltd. were so far ahead in memory chips that toshiba considered dropping the line .
for high british , it 's always , `` oh , no '' -- or `` oew noew . `` sometimes , it 's a line from the script .
< p > @ northern telecom ltd. said it is forming a new venture with two french concerns to manufacture and distribute its sl1 line of private branch exchanges in france .
the suit also says the men circulated sexist literature , like `` the smart man 's creed , or why beer is better than women . `` one line `` after you 've had a beer , the bottle is still worth a dime . ''
he did n't set a timetable for the reduction . asked at the meeting whether the company 's increased leverage meant that coca-cola was `` loading for bear , '' -- preparing for an acquisition -- mr. goizueta reiterated that any fresh acquisitions would be within the company 's existing lines .
mr. rattigan , 49 years old , was widely viewed as the architect of a severe cost-cutting campaign that was largely responsible for the return to profitability . while sales gains have trailed the increase in profit , the company has been betting that its expanded line of amiga personal computers will spur revenue growth .
mr. cathcart says he has had `` a lot of fun '' at kidder , adding the crack about his being a `` tool-and-die man '' never bothered him . `` it was an absolutely marvelous line and one i used many times , '' he says .
in the aftermath of his victories in the south dakota primary and the minnesota caucuses , mr. dole says the campaign might now be able to put the `` p '' back . `` we have a whole new case of bailing wire , '' he explains , in the kind of humorous line he simply ca n't resist .
mr. gray said the same software system -- namely the unix network , developed by american telephone & telegraph co. -- can be used on each tower model . in turn , that makes individual computer programs , be they as simple as a spreadsheets or as complex as controlling factory equipment , compatible with every part of the tower line .
a seemingly minor semantic dispute has given on-line dp users and suppliers a good chance of winning a major victory against ma bell . if they win , the fcc will take jurisdiction over `` information system access lines `` that cross state borders .
in this way , curious little alcoves are formed , in which are quiet bays of water , but on a much smaller scale than the great bays and buttresses of marble canyon . the river is still rapid , and we stop to let down with lines several times , but make greater progress as we run ten miles .
but waste management 's executives , he says , never crossed it . others say the line is n't quite so clear .
he also said he did n't learn of morgan stanley 's decision to rescind the trade until his broker called him at about 11:30 edt last night . `` he said they 'd have an explanation in the morning , so i wo n't know until then what we 're going to do , '' he said while his lawyers held on another telephone line .
at a height of 6 feet , 4 inches and weight of 220 pounds , greg cook is cut from the mold that roman gabriel has made fashionable for quarterback stars . much more handsome than namath , with blond hair swirling mod-style about his face , greg says , `` there 's a hairline difference between confidence and overconfidence and i 'm sitting right on that line . ``
many types of business use rented circuits to connect home office with branches . certain offices at the united nations complex in new york have direct lines going back to government offices in their home country .
a second aquanaut , pretending to be lost , would then signal the porpoise by turning on his own buzzer . after tuffy reached the `` victim , `` the aquanaut would remove the line from tuffy 's harness and use it as his guide back to the habitat .
the boom is straining facilities . `` if you want to tee off on bethpage { in new york } on a saturday morning , you have to get on line at 3:30 a.m. or 4 a.m. , '' says charles robson , of the metropolitan professional golfers association .
i forgot about transcontinental phone calls . my wife spent so much time calling her mother and sister that the state department used to break in and ask her to get off the line .
she will say , however , that with two million people visiting the park annually , the number of line-cutting arrests is negligible . `` besides , '' she says , `` you should n't leave the line to get a hot dog . ''
`` i 'll have the boats over to tow , if you please , `` the captain ordered . boats dropped into the water , snaked out lines , and men bent to the oars .
< p > @ quaker oats agreed to sell several recently acquired food lines to kraft for $ 235 million .
< p > @ pennwalt corp. said it agreed in principle to acquire a line of fungicides , insecticides and herbicides and their related manufacturing facilities from le raffineries de soufre reunies of marseilles , france .
after more than a decade of dominating the market for the fastest and most powerful computers , cray research inc. of minneapolis now faces a new domestic challenger eta systems inc. in late december , eta , 89 % owned by control data corp. , shipped its first supercomputer , boasting that its new line would run faster than the fastest cray computer .
as an unprofitable business now , analysts estimate it will sell for about $ 500 million -- or about half its annual revenue . the company may also be considering writing off the low-margin products , such as smaller tv sets , and finding a joint venture partner to help build up the more profitable lines , such as large-screen projection tvs .
< p > @ ncr unveiled a minicomputer line for linking networks of personal computers or terminals in offices .
< p > @ igene biotechnology inc. said it will build a $ 10 million facility to manufacture the company 's clandosan line of natural chitin pesticides and organic fertilizers .
unconfirmed reports of the sales setback , circulated by london financial analysts , had wiped # 280 million ( $ 450 million ) , or 23 % , off amstrad 's stock-market value in the past three weeks . the computer line , amstrad 's pc-1512 range of personal computers , compatible with the industry-standard international business machines corp. pc , was launched last september with great fanfare .
just two weeks ago the government freed food prices as part of its reform program , doing away with the meat-rationing system that 's been around since the time of martial law . the result has been a run on meat that means the lines and discontent are even greater than before .
personal computer industry executives are expecting international business machines corp. to bring out soon a new microcomputer with a design similar to the one ibm superseded with much fanfare last year . the move would be a surprise because ibm has been noisily touting the new design , which it calls the micro channel , inside its 16-month-old ps/2 line of personal computers .
commodore international ltd. 's u.s. unit said it signed an agreement for connecting point of america inc. , a large chain , to carry its personal computers . harry copperman , president of the unit , said in an interview that the agreement is aimed primarily at west chester , pa.-based commodore 's amiga line .
but some banks have participated in leveraged buy-outs under waivers allowing them to buy nearly 50 % of small businesses . in the current climate in which several leveraged companies have run into trouble , unsettling the entire junk-bond market , the fed apparently drew the line at allowing the del monte unit to qualify as a small business .
fleet said it also acquired the lease for equipment finance 's offices in new york and agreed to retain its staff of 40. providence , r.i.-based fleet financial is a bank holding company operating several lines of financial services , including commercial and trust banking , mortgage banking , real estate lending , investment banking and data processing .
bloom , a unit of bloom companies inc. , will create advertising for baby fresh and wash a-bye baby wet wipes ; sofkins , a flushable cleansing wipe ; cottonelle toilet paper , and helping hand and job squad paper towels . weightman , a unit of weightman group , will create ads for scottowels ; scottissues ; scotties , another tissue ; scott family napkins , and viva designer collections , a line of tabletop items including paper napkins and placemats .
he said he does n't expect kodak will resume production of the disk . he expects the current disk manufacturing capacity to be shifted to produce a line of recently introduced 35mm cameras .
< p > @ the federal reserve board 's decision to give three major bank holding companies limited authority to deal in securities through subsidiaries further blurs the legal line separating commercial and investment banking .
in some of their current operations , they 've focused on auto repair and maintenance products , realizing consumers are keeping their cars longer . they are likely to sell interco 's apparel manufacturing and general retailing operations , including such lines as london fog rain gear and converse and florsheim shoes .
a magazine ad for lee has a grainy appearance and shows a nighttime scene in which a blonde in tight-fitting jeans leans against a 1950s-vintage covertible . the copy line `` places to go .
the worst gas guzzler in the epa 's annual rating is n't for sale in the u.s. -- chrysler italian imports ' two-seat italian-made lamborghini countach . a 1990 model of the $ 155,000 sports car was tested by the epa and got 6 mpg in city driving and 10 mpg on the highway , but the manufacturer says a replacement line will be introduced in the u.s. this year .
he filled his car and six big canisters , enduring hostile comments from fellow customers . at noon , a truck delivered more gas , reassuring those at the end of the 120-car line monitored by police to prevent double parking .
`` let 's have it ! `` said the warrant bosun to the shadowy men at his side ; and he did not say `` it `` ; he substituted a dirty noun for the pronoun , as unnecessarily as ever . he took the heaving line in his hands , deftly seized half a dozen coils in his right hand while his left loosely held the remainder , and whirled the weight with the full strength of his arm . the weight soared off into the darkness , and the line ran smoothly out from his left hand . had it been daylight , the warrant bosun would have fired a line out of a gun , but in darkness that would mean a revealing flash .
it is also necessary to evaluate the major sales incentives that have become so prevalent in the marketplace . for example , substantial discounts are available on many gm car lines when options are purchased in a pre-specified `` package , '' which is designed to include the items most people would order separately .
< p > @ for the second time in less than two months , volkswagen u.s. inc. , troy , mich. , said it will boost suggested retail prices of its entry-level fox line .
details of the agreement were n't disclosed . a spokeswoman for the pharmaceutical concern said syntex , which markets a full line of oral contraceptives in this country under its own name , entered the agreement with rugby laboratories inc. in order to make use of excess manufacturing capacity .
that is one aspect of the zeigarnik effect a proclivity to remember unfinished business , and to forget finished business . you have experienced this when you have looked up a telephone number but found the line busy when you first called it .
twin valu stores , for example , will cover 180,000 square feet -- three times the size of the typical cavernous cub store . each store will have 51 checkout lines , require 600 employees and , company sources say , is expected to gross well over $ 1 million a week .
`` i find a lot of my clients equate ps/2 with os/2 and figure everyone else is out in the cold . `` industry watchers say ibm may well be right that os/2 will run better on the new ps/2 line , which includes some hardware enhancements that other computer makers do n't have yet .
like ms. luckyn-malone , whose research is supplemented by a nikko securities co. affiliate in tokyo , mr. wignall insists that gt ultimately rests its investment decisions on fundamentals . for dimensional fund advisors , the solution to tokyo 's inscrutability is elegantly simple with help from nomura securities co. , dfa ranks companies in the tokyo stock exchange 's first section by market capitalization , draws a line between big and small stocks , and buys all the small ones -- around 550 of them .
she just did it backwards and in high heels . ' '' one woman in particular wo n't forget that line the woman from whom ms. richards lifted it -- tv journalist and author linda ellerbee . ( it 's part of her lecture repertoire . )
as the two hindus took in the sail , the old man used the last of the boat 's way to lay alongside the starboard gangway . jackson , boatswain 's mate of the watch , took a line , and shouted for side boys .
welbilt corp. said it agreed to distribute home appliances in the u.s. for bimak s.p.a. , a florence , italy-based maker of consumer appliances . welbilt said it will distribute a line of small appliances including cappuccino machines , irons , ice-cream machines and food processors under the ariete label .
`` people tuned in and saw the old rizzo , '' says mr. oxman , the political consultant . his most notable line that night ?
callers are invited to play interactive games with the movie 's characters , to enter sweepstakes and , of course , to run , do n't walk , to the nearest theater . toll telephone services have mostly been the stuff of pornography lines and of children 's horror-story and santa claus lines . but movie marketers hope they can use the lines to entice potential moviegoers , especially teen-agers and young adults .
creative black book publishes a directory of creative services used primarily by art directors in advertising agencies and by television producers . macmillan , which is involved in educational publishing and information services , said it purchased the directory to extend `` the line of informational products targeted to the advertising industry . ''
last year , the nation 's second-largest retailer hired martha stewart , an author of books on lavish cooking and entertaining , as a celebrity spokeswoman . it is now developing an exclusive line of household merchandise that bears her name .
< p > @ allegis corp. 's plan to make a $ 2.84 billion tender offer for 63 % of its shares appeared to straddle the line in a tug-of-war between shareholders and the company 's management .
`` mountain , i want to be in you . together we could grow wild and natural things , '' belinda wrote , among other , much -- steamier , lines .
mr. helmsley , 80 years old , was named in the indictment but judge john walker jr. ruled he was n't well enough to stand trial . tax lawyers say the case involves areas where it is hard to draw the line between criminal activity and deficient tax practices .
holders love to tell stories about the company 's marketing acumen . like the story about the time neutrogena introduced its premium-priced shampoo line to a less-than-thrilled reception .
however , continuing cutbacks in personnel could further irritate some already-frustrated investors . mario maltese , a fidelity fund shareholder and the chairman of an audio-visual-systems company in mineola , n.y. , says clogged lines recently caused him to quit seeking help from fidelity 's phone representatives during the day .
of the major companies , hallmark generated the most controversy with its alternative-card entry . in the largest rollout of new cards in the company 's history , it brought out the `` shoebox '' line , aimed mainly at women , and `` personal touch , '' a line of sentimental cards .
the company , which boosted the number of stores to 388 from 334 in the fiscal year just ended , said it expects to open another 40 to 50 in the current year . by fall , it also hopes to expand its i.o.u . line to represent between 25 % and 30 % of the merchandise sold in the two divisions that carry it .
`` there are grown macho men who can skin game but who wo n't touch an eelpout , '' says jeffrey gunderson , a representative of the university of minnesota 's sea grant extension program , which tries to promote underused fish . `` they 'll cut their lines rather than bring it into the boat and unhook it . ''
the company argued that its foreman need n't have told the worker not to move the plank to which his lifeline was tied because `` that comes with common sense . `` the commission noted , however , that dellovade had n't instructed its employees on how to secure their lifelines and did n't heed a federal inspector 's earlier suggestion that the company install special safety lines inside the a-frame structure it was building .
he asserted that few other companies have the resources or the desire to take on jwt . `` if there are any other bidders , i think the line at the door is very short , '' he said .
neither company could be reached to provide sales figures for tio sancho . mccormick said in may it abandoned a proposal to acquire the spice islands line of spices , herbs and vinegars from united biscuits plc .
mr. kavner said the companies are most interested in sharing product-development efforts as well as helping each other in their respective markets . olivetti , which a few months ago appeared to be interested in adopting the sun sparc chip for a new line of computers , has n't yet decided to do so , said richard mcginn , vice president , product management , for at & t 's data systems group .
dillo was shouting . `` who let the chimp off the line ? ``
at all other times they carefully avoid our hens , even to the point as has been often the case of walking right through a cluster of them , looking as smugly self-righteous as you could imagine . at other times , both dog fox and vixen have walked slowly under the clothesline as clothes were being hung , and blown flapping , and the wheel of the line connected with a tree was squeaking loudly .
general motors corp. 's pontiac division said it plans to boost its total vehicle sales by about 6 % in the 1990 model year , mainly because of sales of a new plastic-bodied minivan . but pontiac officials also conceded that they expect sales of their primary midsized car line , the pontiac grand prix , wo n't be enough to assure that the gm plant exclusively dedicated to the model will work at full capacity in the 1990 model year .
alco standard corp. said it plans to sell its alco beverage co. unit , alco gift and glassware subsidiary and alco packaging and metalsource corp. 's steel distribution operations . the lines represent almost 15 % of the company 's total revenue .
consider mr. adorno , the young new yorker who paid $ 3.30 to cash his paycheck . mr. adorno shrugs his shoulders when asked why he does n't use a bank instead and says , `` the lines at the bank are longer . ''
keeping low by crawling across the kitchen floor , he reached up for the wall phone , placed it to his ear and heard nothing . the line was dead .
mr. coate was on the water but a few minutes when he said , `` here they are . . . let 's catch some of 'em . `` lines were lowered and soon one of the rods sprang to life , and a shiny bronze walleye was swung on board .
for house and senate appropriators , changing priorities means adapting old methods to new ends . traditional lines of jurisdiction blur as foreign-aid , space and military accounts are tapped for environmental projects .
in composite american stock exchange trading , atari shares closed at $ 20.125 , up 12.5 cents . industry analysts say the company 's strong performance indicates its st line of computers is establishing itself in the crowded pc marketplace . introduced in 1985 , the st machines , which are n't compatible with any other line of pcs , are garnering a large enough user base , analysts said , to induce software writers to create programs for the computers .
< p > @ regina co. 's problems with defective vacuum cleaners apparently involve more than its housekeeper and housekeeper plus lines , according to a judge 's opinion .
`` we wanted an honest reaction '' from consumers , she now explains . but ms. george ended the mystery recently by officially unveiling her chicken by george line at a party with all the trimmings .
carter-wallace 's share amounts to over 50 % of the total market . when carter-wallace , a maker of pharmaceuticals , toiletries and cosmetics , acquired the trojan line from youngs drug products corp. back in 1985 , condom sales were in the doldrums .
the product is more expensive to make than conventional cigarettes -- and that requires a higher price tag , which also means going after a more affluent consumer . beyond that , the company must walk a fine line in pitching the cigarette as `` cleaner '' without representing that it is healthier .
the lifeless body rolls in a pink wash . they haul her partly out of the sea with the ship 's tackle and a line looped round her flukes .
< p > @ monarch avalon inc. said earnings for the year ending april 30 wo n't be aided by a new line of toys because it wo n't begin selling the toys until may . in an earlier edition , a. eric dott , president , said the company would begin selling the line in april .
tandy said it thinks it would continue to hold a price advantage over ibm . `` you 're competing with equipment that 's available . . . in tandy 's line from $ 599 up , and we discount , '' said ed juge , director of market planning at tandy .
to cover his confusion at having let the sound escape him , he became very busy with the bait and floats and sinkers . he even baited up helene 's line for her , and in a few moments their floats were bobbing on the waves .
the availability of the special ibm-designed version of the operating system , which will give the new computers features that makers of less expensive compatible machines ca n't easily copy , will be announced in the fourth quarter . mr. lowe also indicated that most of ibm 's old personal computer line will be phased out by the end of the year .
irving trust co. , a major player in the foreign exchange market , said it is taking a `` sabbatical '' from interbank dealing after its trading desk was `` decimated '' in a move by a group of dealers to e.f. hutton & co. irving has traded currencies since the 1920s and is one of about a dozen u.s. banks with direct trading lines to the federal reserve .
but `` they still were making money on the xt , and ibm does not leave money on the table , '' said bob orbach , director of business development at 47th street computer , a new york retailer . ibm is expected to bring out a machine that uses the same central processor as the xt , has the same color monitor as the machine that is at the low end of the company 's new pc line , according to the industry executives .
four years ago , antonio mamani , a truck driver for a state mining company , carried his pocket money in a burlap bag because the devalued pesos were too bulky to fit in his trousers . the price of a movie ticket often rose while he waited in line to buy it .
`` but it comes when an organization becomes more concerned with destroying a competing business than in demonstrating that its own goods and services are superior . `` he adds , `` when the sole purpose of a marketing strategy is the defeat of a certain company , then the company has gone across a line that probably will lead into questionable behavior . ''
in national over-the-counter trading yesterday , kaypro shares closed at $ 1.0625 , down 0.1875 cents . sales of the kaypro transportable line have dwindled in recent years , as smaller , lighter-weight laptop computers have gained popularity .
< p > @ the acquisition , subject to a tender offer garnering 50.1 % of ingredient shares , would add ingredient 's flavors , sweeteners and spices business to the dyes , flavors , food additives and artificial-coloring lines of crompton & knowles , a stamford , conn. , concern .
there 's even a taped `` hot shopper '' program in new york featuring x-rated products for cable-dish owners . a producer says sales totaled $ 40,000 in september , but the line of anatomically shaped chocolates had to be eliminated because the candies melted during shipment to a florida consumer .
then he held his breath . `` mr. tibbs , `` the voice of maggie mcguire came tearfully over the line , `` i 've heard from johnny ! ``
if al gore is sincere in distinguishing his views from that of the other candidates , he will have to lay out his case for a stronger defense in much sharper and more convincing detail . otherwise , voters will be justified in borrowing a line from a previous candidate and demanding to know of al gore , `` where 's the beef ? ''
but the mess in sales is n't the only problem that slowed revenue growth into single digits in the latest quarter . in a costly gamble , digital decided last year to cancel a major computer design , leaving big customers without a replacement at the high end of its line .
< p > @ seiko instruments usa inc. , torrance , calif. , said it has reached a joint agreement with kisho corp. of japan to develop and market a line of consumer audio products for the u.s. market .
they are easily the most slippery dial-it service to regulate . callers on a gab line are just talking to one another on the telephone , something the phone companies and the government ca n't very well prohibit . megaquest loves to talk about the support gab lines offer the shy and the lonely , as it did in a recent case in alabama . `` many people in birmingham are shut-ins , people who because of a handicap , illness or old age , can not get out of their homes frequently , '' the company argued in a filing before the alabama public service commission , after south central bell tried to stop billing for its lines .
the new mainframe `` brings the 3090 down one more level , '' said ibm 's mr. ford . ibm also announced new software packages , including the first software permitting the development of applications that will run across the so-called system/370 line of computers . the system/370 line consists of the 9370 and 4381 mid-range computers and the 3090 mainframes .
according to analysts , sales of ps/2 got off to a rocky start but have risen lately -- especially in europe . ibm wants to establish the line as the new standard in personal computing in europe . it introduced the line in april 1987 and has said it shipped nearly two million units by its first anniversary .
< p > @ du pont co. , wilmington , del. , said it plans a $ 60 million expansion of manufacturing capacity for its zytel line of nylon resins in uentrop , west germany .
despite the stock market 's negative expectations , it appears that different segments of the personal-computer industry are experiencing sharply different growth trends . generally , demand is strong for high-performance hardware , such as apple 's macintosh , compaq 's 386 machines and international business machines corp. 's ps/2 lines of computers .
it shows a back view of two young women running along a beach and practically falling out of their swimming suits . the copy line `` he loves my mind .
it declined to elaborate . the maker of medical diagnostic tests and instruments said the restructuring is designed to enhance its position in the immunodiagnostics markets , and to reduce its emphasis on some clinical chemistry products by discontinuing certain lines .
< p > @ hewlett-packard said it cut 28 % off the price of its recently introduced model 840 technical workstation , an auspicious move for its redesigned line of minicomputers .
indeed , toyota said it expects to sell only 30,000 of the vehicles in the first model year . aside from hanging on to current customers , the lexus luxury line could help boost toyota 's earnings , if it proves popular .
from aiglemont , the aga khan 's estate near chantilly , he directs the 150 people who administer $ 130 million a year in grants , who design schools to be built by villagers and who give awards for the best in islamic architecture . to world leaders , the aga khan is a figure worthy of receiving lines and state dinners .
pathmark 's experience is n't unique . the problem often crops up in the household-cleaner and health-and-beauty product areas , where hefty advertising budgets for national lines often make store brands look too cheap by comparison .
pepper steak marinates in ( $ 11 a gallon ) rice wine imported from japan . today , the most expensive le menu carries a suggested retail price tag of $ 3.89 compared with $ 4.99 when the line was introduced in 1984 .
mr. sugar 's comments came at a news conference yesterday to introduce a new range of amstrad personal computers . contrary to prior press reports , the new machines are n't fully compatible with industry leader international business machines corp. 's new line of personal system/2 personal computers .
last december , shortly after philip morris bought kraft inc. , the struggling line was scrapped . but kraft general foods , the offspring of philip morris 's acquisition , is pressing ahead with the chillery line of entrees , salads , pasta and desserts originally developed by kraft .
a medalist spokesman said the company has n't had contact with bsn in a while and that bsn is leaving its options open by saying it might seek control of medalist while lowering its stake . the filing said that should bsn increase its stake , it may seek representation or even majority representation on medalist 's board , or sell certain lines of medalist 's business `` not complementing bsn 's current businesses . ''
sales rose 16 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 7.31 billion . american brands 's best-known lines are its cigarette brands , including pall mall , tareyton and lucky strike .
`` it is not easy to have a consensus , '' he said , `` because it is technically a complex problem . `` the issue of reducing , maintaining or increasing the cartel 's production ceiling has divided the ministers along the same lines as the production-definition issue , with a majority of eight clearly in favor of some action to prop up weak oil prices .
`` restaurants even did better on tomato soup than homemade or store-bought , which caused a lot of consternation around here , '' says anthony adams , campbell 's director of marketing research . so does campbell regret naming a new line of soups home cookin ' ?
`` ross , you bastard , is this your idea of a joke ? `` on the other end of the line , safe by half an island , stuie ross beamed .
lynn took her place on the ledge and dropped her hand through the opening . with the rod extended over the tank , she lowered the line into the middle of the circling shapes .
a spokesman for the judge said friday that she had approved the transaction . the lines and the factories where they are produced are being sold to hasbro inc. and slm action sports inc .
we 've put an automatic tracer on the phone which feeds our equipment . if he calls , the number he called from is automatically locked in and fed to us and we do n't have to go through all that two-phone jazz , keeping him on the line .
a spokeswoman for the pharmaceutical concern said syntex , which markets a full line of oral contraceptives in this country under its own name , entered the agreement with rugby laboratories inc. in order to make use of excess manufacturing capacity . the oral contraceptives syntex will manufacture and sell to rugby are identical to a line syntex produces on which patent protection has expired , she added .
scientific micro systems inc. said it sold , for about $ 10 million , most of the assets of its supermac technology division to a group led by the division 's management . the division makes and markets enhancements for apple computer inc. 's macintosh line of personal computers .
back home , he has plenty of his own problems , from a surly bureaucracy to sikh terrorists to restless gurkhas to troubled borders with pakistan and china . he walks a fine line in dealing with the separatist movement in india 's own tamil state .
so for judge schwartzberg , the practical considerations of finding space for files and people to do the filing are a top priority . `` we will have to add more copying machines , more telephone lines , more clerical staff , '' he said .
but he said he is `` concerned '' that the food businesses ' earnings , which lag the industry 's leading performers , could cool investor reaction to such a large offering . beatrice 's domestic lines , including hunt 's tomato products and wesson cooking oils , had pre-tax profit of $ 448 million on sales of $ 4.82 billion in the fiscal year ended feb. 28 .
at about the same time , sen. wallop also carried the argument personally to mr. bush during a flight aboard air force one with the president , who was traveling to yellowstone park to make a speech . but mr. bush seemed preoccupied with other concerns ; back in washington several days later , reading a line inserted in a speech by an aide , mr. bush said he looked forward to mr. fiske 's arrival .
led by such brands as old el paso mexican foods , progesso soups and whitman 's candies , pet has an estimated breakup value of more than $ 1 billion , analysts said . the company 's other units , all profitable , include midas international corp. auto repair shops , pneumo abex corp. 's lines of aircraft landing gear and flight controls and the bottling operations .
chrysler corp. is attempting to jump-start the sluggish sales of its eagle premier luxury car by boosting cash incentives 25 % to $ 750 . the move comes at a time when rebates on most cars are being reduced , and thus reflects the difficulties chrysler has faced since late last year with the flagship of the new eagle line .
mattel says it has the exclusive right to call its toys `` slime , '' and is seeking to enjoin hasbro from using the name and an unspecified amount in punitive damages . mattel introduced its self-described `` glop '' in 1976 , then repacked the unctuous matter a few years ago as `` slime pit , '' which it sold as an accessory to its masters of the universe line of toys .
mr. richman does n't expect big problems , and he promises improved profits over the next three to five years through steady , prudent growth . the company has a strong base 15 of its domestic lines are no . 1 brands in their product categories .
< p > @ avon products inc. expects to report about flat second-quarter operating earnings , and it maintains its estimate of $ 2.30 a share from continuing lines for the full year .
merrill lynch declined to comment . most of those affected by fidelity 's latest layoffs worked on the investment group 's toll-free telephone lines , in back-office processing jobs and in fidelity 's discount brokerage .
moreover , pc add-on boards , used increasingly to add speed and functions , have to fit whatever bus is inside a machine . ibm will also be making news today ( just a crosstown bus away from the gang of nine ) when it unveils the latest addition to its ps/2 line .
rubbermaid inc. said it agreed with analysts ' projections that it will earn 95 cents a share to 96 cents a share in 1986 , compared with 79 cents a share last year . last year , the maker of household and commercial products , toys and other lines earned $ 57.1 million on sales of $ 671.4 million .
`` canada is still trying to get some leverage from the u.s. '' said mr. waitzer , who warned foreign firms are losing interest in the canadian market . `` you can only keep them waiting in line for so long , '' he said .
terms of the agreement were n't disclosed . the first products introduced under the program will be a line of men 's and women 's sportswear , which will make its debut next march .
also , the company will launch a number of major new products or push existing products into new markets , he said . the stouffer foods unit recently introduced a line of frozen complete dinners under the name dinner supreme . previously , stouffer foods offered many entrees , including the lean cuisine low-calorie line , but did n't have complete dinners .
commodore is hoping sales will come from the booming desktop-publishing markets , which is apple 's domain , as well as more specialized users in the music , video , and graphics-related professions . for instance , by using the amiga , advertising agencies could develop full-color story boards and send them over telephone lines .
a spokesman said the planned transaction does n't forestall other acquisitions by avon for its beauty or health care operations . for one thing , he said , the company continues to be `` very interested '' in the elizabeth arden line that eli lilly & co. , indianapolis , has said it wants to sell .
in 1916 , harvard research physiologists regarded the engineering sciences somewhat as philosophers of the sixteenth century looked on barber-surgeons useful creatures but hardly to be included in the guild of scholars . when cecil proposed the appointment of his brother philip , he stepped across traditional academic lines .
the bank took out an ad in the times of london last week , which ran opposite excerpts from mrs. eliot 's edition of the letters . the ad reprinted a line from a letter written in 1917 `` i am getting along nicely in my work at the bank and i like it . ''
a lawyer for elizabeth taylor co. could n't be reached for comment . unilever group 's chesebroughpond 's inc. unit , which distributes and licenses ms. taylor 's line of perfumes , said it would n't comment until it has reviewed the opinion .
food-industry experts say that those types of products are less temperature-sensitive than fancy entrees . carnation is looking at broadening its refrigerated-food line , says richard curd , a company spokesman , although he too declines to elaborate .
now the makers of beretta , the gun , are suing the maker of beretta , the hot-selling car , for $ 250 million in damages in a trademark infringement suit filed yesterday in federal court in manhattan . fabbrica d'armi p. beretta s.p.a. said yesterday that gm 's use of the beretta name on a line of compact cars `` is an affront not only to the beretta corporation , but also to the beretta family . ''
at minneapolis-based dayton hudson corp. , same-store sales rose 6.9 % for july and 5.9 % for the 26 weeks . `` the month 's sales growth was led by soft lines , '' said kenneth a. macke , chairman and chief executive officer .
the commerce department announced last month that it was lifting export curbs on a wide class of desktop computers . but the order carrying out that decision adds not only laptops but other , more powerful versions of international business machines corp. 's ps/2 line than the original announcement covered .
great atlantic & pacific tea co. 's 300 super fresh food markets , which trimmed wages but gave workers some say in running stores and bonuses when sales revenues increase , are `` the most successful part of our company , '' says a & p vice president michael rourke . a & p recently converted stores to the super fresh line in minnesota , maryland , virginia and washington , d.c .
in over-the-counter trading , shares of clone-maker wyse technology inc. also rose , and apple computer inc. stock was up sharply . `` after all the dust settles from the big announcement , the long wait begins , '' said apple chairman john sculley , contending that apple is way ahead of ibm . similarly , compaq president rod canion said he does n't see any need for price cuts or product changes and that ibm 's new line `` does n't offer any major new advantages and is n't very aggressive from a pricing standpoint . ''
this is the strange tale of how the biggest name in muscles , nautilus sports/medical industries inc. , lost its strength . the company was founded in 1970 by arthur jones , an eccentric former wild-animal importer who had invented a revolutionary line of exercise machines .
it would present , by way of `` a dispatch from the desk , '' something more than dimwitted illuminations . of these , there are many in this book `` when you write , you lay out a line of words '' ; `` putting a book together is interesting and exhilarating '' ; `` how we spend our days is , of course , how we spend our lives .
so edwin lopez , who is trying to claim some space on those shelves for new products from campbell soup co. , has his work cut out . mr. lopez is working hispanic neighborhoods trying to break down the fierce loyalty to goya products and make inroads for campbell 's new casera line of more than 50 food products aimed at hispanics of caribbean origin .
`` sheridan tossed the telephone to vincent and turned to his aide . `` is that line open to the pentagon ?
but now , its white-collar ranks have ballooned to 31,000. much of this was the by-product of chrysler 's 1987 acquisition of american motors corp. and its hot-selling jeep line .
little knots of men swarmed over each boat , taking off the canvas covers , clearing the masts and useless paraphernalia , putting in lanterns and tins of biscuits . other men stood at the davits , fitting in cranks and uncoiling the lines .
in the previous fiscal year , porsche 's profit fell 31 % , to 51.9 million marks . the auto maker said unit sales have improved in recent months and that it expects increased demand for its cars and improved earnings in the current fiscal year , based on modifications of its model line and spending reductions .
`` yes . `` `` if you still have that open line to the white house you 'd better notify the president of the situation . ``
these days , lishen toy factory can hardly keep up with demand . sales soared this summer , when long lines of buyers formed outside shanghai 's no . 1 department store .
< p > @ paul maslin , poll taker and political strategist , says he can predict now the single line that will set off the biggest ovation at next summer 's democratic national convention .
a whole worm looked huge in comparison . a sharp tug at his line made him straighten up suddenly . `` hey , i got a fish , `` he shouted , jerking the line through the water . and then suddenly there was no weight on the end of the line ..
a seagram spokesman said , `` we do n't comment on rumors . `` the company is said to be interested in selling certain of its domestic brands , which include taylor california cellars , taylor wine co. of new york , paul masson , gold seal vineyards , the monterey vineyard line and sterling vineyards .
the charge produced a big loss in 1984. and some investors , nervous that health clubs also are a fad business , question whether bally is n't building up a line that could collapse just as quickly .
most vintners suffered even sharper declines as the industry leaders , seagram co. and e & j gallo winery , gained market share at the expense of rivals . in the past six months alone , california cooler , a unit of brown-forman beverage co. , revamped its entire cooler line and spent $ 20 million to promote it .
< p > @ those brief lines tell much about the history of farming in this area .
in the past , risc/unix machines have been very expensive , and limited mostly to scientific and engineering applications . but sun microsystems has led a movement to offer less expensive workstations that are beginning to compete with ibm 's ps/2 line and with apple computer 's macintosh .
june 22 . still making short portages and letting down with lines .
disney , a theme-park , movie and tv concern , bought childcraft from hachette s.a. , a french publisher that earlier acquired childcraft 's parent , grolier inc. childcraft , edison , n.j. , sells educational toys , play equipment and classroom furniture by mail . advertising pepsi-cola co. , a unit of purchase , n.y.-based pepsico inc. , selected lois pitts gershon/pon/ggk , new york , to create advertising for its mug root beer line , acquired two years ago .
he fired those he did n't like , with only the briefest of explanations , if any . being called to his office `` was like being summoned to see god , '' said lee a. iacocca , now chrysler corp. chairman and perhaps the most famous of a line of former ford presidents first beknighted and later beheaded by mr. ford .
the suit seeks to invalidate patents held by autry industries inc. for transparent windows in the soles of sneakers . canton , mass.-based reebok said the suit was filed in response to claims by autry that certain reebok products , including its new visible ers line of athletic footwear , infringe on patents held by autry .
this is a big week for sun microsystems inc. , as more chip and computer manufacturers sign on to sun 's grand plan to establish a high-performance computer design standard for the industry to clone . today , sun and texas instruments inc. will outline a sweeping technology licensing agreement under which texas instruments ' chip division will manufacture sun 's high-performance sparc microprocessor and its computer systems division will begin using the sparc chip to power a new line of computers .
and japanese star ken takakura admirably carries the burden of being the human japanese , the cop who joins up with the visitors from new york . oh , yes , there 's a girl , played by kate capshaw , whose lines seem to have been cut drastically , but not nearly as much as the backs of her dresses .
it 's simply that the company believes reader loyalty is dwindling as the other magazines make themselves too hospitable to advertisers . `` you draw a line , and the seven sisters will cross it , '' mr. selbert contends .
he trusts his cops , and he likes them tough . another of his famous lines `` . . . the way to treat criminals is `` 'spacco il capo . ' ''
neither one is practical . `` gm , he notes , has established toll-free complaint lines , and has rewritten its service bulletins for fifth-grade-level readers .
that 's a number megaquest uses for various extra-pricey , hard-core porn services . this side of the gab lines is one you wo n't learn about in megaquest 's filings with the public-service commission .
mr. giblen is the first to concede that smith 's , which operates 94 stores in eight western states , is well run and a nice place to shop . its large , modern stores combining groceries and drugs are full of wide aisles and beaming employees , who seemingly make it their goal for customers to breeze through checkout lines .
i walked straight into the telephone booth and asked for merlin 's office number . would his line be tapped ?
and taurus and sable have driven triumphantly into the mid-size market . at the same time , gm 's line of older , rear-wheel-drive mid-size cars , such as the current regal and pontiac grand prix , is scheduled for retirement .
and of course he could always simply start vetoing bills on explicitly procedural grounds , rejecting those with non-germane riders even if it means closing the government . it would be a much less radical act , stephen glazier observes , simply to cross out a line of some bill and let the courts decide whether a president already has a line-item veto .
an unusual clause will permit asea brown to take over the second venture in 1990 if either westinghouse insists or if asea brown decides to do so . while the paperwork may be complicated , the transaction otherwise fits neatly into a line of major corporate moves mr. barnevik has initiated since 1980 , when he became president of asea .
valtek , based in springville , utah , manufactures automatic control valves and valve actuators for the chemical process industry . these products complement duriron 's line of valves , pumps and filtration equipment .
she 's best with the minor actors , who have the best parts . ms. brennan gets the funniest line .
upriver , men demonstrate the business end of a blowgun . here , at the ngiu kee department store , cosmetologists demonstrate the new bio line of natural-ingredient makeup put out by kenebo , the japanese cosmetics firm .
although there 's no plot to speak of , the cast includes the title character , a seer who talks to the birds ( and they to him , natch ) ; numerous believers and skeptical passers-by ; a host of gods and goddesses ; the personification of sorrow ; and the personification of laughter . there are also lines for `` a thousand voices '' ( muffled ) and `` the distant mountains '' ( which say `` mogoooo !
so , it reinstated the 1986 decision , which was written by chief judge patricia wald . as has been the case on some other recent occasions , the appeals court was split along ideological lines , with five judges appointed by democratic presidents voting to approve the watchdog group 's standing and five appointed by president reagan opposed .
ads for pro penns emphasize they 're more durable than regular penns . for instance , beneath a print ad featuring a shot of a doghouse is the line `` pro penns go to the dogs 30 % slower . ''
it is n't clear whether the vehicles will retain the chevrolet name or just carry the chevy `` bow tie '' emblem . in any event , chevrolet hopes to launch geo this fall , almost two years before the debut of gm 's saturn car line , another new nameplate that , unlike geo , will also be a separate franchise .
< p > @ dell computer corp. , as expected , became the first company to announce copies of international business machines corp. 's year-old personal system/2 computer line , but dell 's models wo n't be available until the fourth quarter .
he says he slipped away from his protesting doctor , staggered into a government press conference and announced that he knew the man 's identity and wanted to confirm that there was a reward . mr. batuigas made his reputation in the 1970s by several times passing through police siege lines to negotiate the surrender of gunmen who were holding hostages .
as part of the agreement , cooper will acquire certain rights to use the joy name and trademark in connection with the acquired business . cooper , a maker of tools and compression and drilling equipment , said the new businesses complement its existing compressor lines and should improve its market position and extend the horsepower range it can offer in certain types of compressors .
deere & co. said it plans to lay off indefinitely about 150 workers at its construction-equipment assembly plant here . the maker of farm , industrial , and lawn and garden equipment said the layoffs are due to completion of the introduction of a new line of crawler-bulldozers and what a spokesman called `` minor reductions in production schedules . ''
publicity was siren music to the ears of the stripper , and she quit pulling the zipper to listen . when i had colley on the line , i said , `` okay , colley , your idea worked . ``
`` the fed is caught between deflationary signals and inflationary signals coexisting at the same time . they 've got to walk a very fine line . ''
international pharmaceutical operations gained in several product areas . higher u.s. consumer-product sales reflected gains from foot-care products and the maybelline cosmetics line .
but seriously folks , the duvalls root heartily for each other on the water and are partners in a school for water-skiing-tournament aspirants in windemere , fla. sammy wo n't try a tricks competition unless camille is there to supervise his tow line .
`` mommy , `` came a very small voice , `` did you say i killed him ? `` `` johnny ... `` she began when another voice cut into the line .
merlin ii , the larger of the new merlin systems , can accommodate as many as 32 lines and 72 phones . the new merlin , which essentially replaces the existing merlin line , has more features such as tracking length and duration of calls by phone , than the spirit system , at & t said . smaller models of both lines will be available by may , with larger models available in the third quarter .
the whole goddamned system was breaking down . he redialed the hospital maternity floor on a direct line busy too !
the study found , in addition , that two-thirds of all parents owing support were becoming delinquent within three years of the order . the situation , which crossed all income and class lines , contributed significantly to the impoverishment of women and children .
then while i sat at the table and drank orange juice and poured milk over cornflakes , she would talk to me about all the things she 'd already done that day . `` why , i 've got a load of wash on the line and some ironing done .
funds from the sales had been earmarked to help pay down the company 's heavy debt load , a substantial amount of which is in short-term obligations . the optometric lines were expected to garner about $ 300 million .
`` that experience is memorable , '' the spokesman said , adding that the new lines are less involved with educational electronics and more toy and game related . thomas r. kully , a securities analyst with the chicago firm of william blair & co. , said he did n't believe mattel would make the same errors made with the now-discontinued intellivision line .
the instrumentalists managed to cover the voices without much trouble , but mr. levine and the orchestra never summoned the full-blooded sound and the energy that schoenberg 's huge score wants . among the soloists , tatiana troyanos made a marvelously affecting wood dove ; philip creech was expert as klaus the fool , and mr. castel handled the lines of the speaker most effectively .
that 's not to imply that he does n't do well with lucky 's long , chaotic meditation on meditation . but even before he utters a single line of dialogue , mr. irwin astonishes with his eloquence .
so it 's up to you to go an ' get it . `` he cut a short pole at the water 's edge and drew from one of his pockets a bit of line and a draggled fly that had once been a royal coachman . ``
revenue rose 8 % to $ 3.12 billion from $ 2.89 billion . bellsouth had a record increase of 232,000 new customer lines in the quarter . so far this year , it said , it has gained 504,000 new lines , compared with 510,000 for all of 1986 .
last fall , the cosmetics maker launched a marketing initiative dubbed `` the nines , '' designed to boost its visibility in tony department stores . over the years , revlon had acquired prestige cosmetics lines such as charles of the ritz and princess marcella borghese , but had no comprehensive marketing strategy for them . under the nines program , the company gathered all nine of its upscale cosmetics lines -- encompassing some 3,000 items -- at a single cosmetics counter with a special nines banner .
not just after mcfour o'clock . `` the ad carries a line describing it as `` a public service message . ''
champion products inc. said it reached an agreement with national football league properties inc. to produce and market `` replica '' football jerseys bearing the identification of the 28 nfl teams . champion products , which makes and markets athletic , recreational and leisure wear , said the line of jerseys will be shipped in august .
`` if they hold their share ( this year ) , i will be pleased . `` the finesse promotion follows last year 's successful introduction of the company 's helene curtis salon selectives lines , with an advertising and promotional budget of about $ 40 million .
as for one of a klein , uncle gene opined that she 'd be back , health permitting , to win again . `` we could start a whole line of 'klein ' horses , '' he mused .
the japan defense agency allows vendors to earn less than 5 % , but that is a godsend for kawasaki heavy industries ltd. the company 's other manufacturing lines , such as shipbuilding , are awash in deficits .
stations , of course , are sweltering . ) after a minute 's walk to the wall street station and a long wait in a slow line at the token booth , i saw the lexington avenue no . 4 express shut its doors and pull away just as i reached the turnstile .
moreover , mr. gray said , towers are so-called `` open-architecture '' computers , meaning they are easily adaptable to equipment made by other companies . analysts said a few other lines -- notably digital equipment corp. 's microvax ii and a series made by san jose , calif.-based altos computer systems inc. -- are equally tractable .
caesars world inc. is betting it has a nose for upscale fragrances . the hotel and casino operator said its merchandising subsidiary has retained roth/horner & associates , a beverly hills , calif. , concern that designed and marketed the successful giorgio perfume line , to develop a new line of men 's and women 's fragrances .
dukakis strategists believe that their man won the first debate but that they were outgunned in the `` spin patrol '' claims afterward . they say their mistake was in reacting to the debate itself while the bush crew stuck to a prearranged line , and they vow to emulate the gop tactic in next month 's final encounter .
the effort , a major challenge to ibm , will include compaq and tandy . europe 's computer industry is set to begin cloning ibm 's struggling new line of personal computers .
i thought `` i took a couple of quick steps and picked up the phone . `` qui est `` but the line was dead by now .
overall , though , scott has made headway by holding down production costs and avoiding the premium segment of the market , where rivals such as procter & gamble excel . instead , scott has stuck to its economy line , emphasizing basic consumer values such as more sheets per roll and more rolls per pack .
`` you hear me ? get off this line !
< p > @ newspaper editors only seem cavalier when they dump your favorite comic strip -- the one you 've been following faithfully for 23 years -- and substitute some dumb cartoon with stupid gag lines and chicken-scratch drawings .
year-ago net included a $ 4.2 million charge in connection with the closing of a baby-food plant in oakland , calif. the company said sales improved as a result of the widespread acceptance of a new line of baby foods introduced in october .
`` we believe that if the ftc conducts the thorough review warranted here , it will agree with our position , '' mr. whitwam said . whirlpool has said it plans to expand roper 's line of kitchen ranges into a broader selection of household appliances . the company has also charged that ge entered the bidding for roper because the fairfield , conn.-based company feared competition from a whirlpool-roper combination , especially against its hotpoint appliance line .
sales rose to $ 135.8 million from $ 63.2 million . ast cited its growing personal-computer lines .
american hospital supply corp. plans a line of special-diet meals to help increase hospital food-service revenues . nutracare inc. , newport beach , calif. , expands its line of hospital-marketed meals , hoping hospitals themselves will begin using them for patients .
< p > @ general motors corp. 's buick division formally introduced the first of gm 's crucial new line of midsized cars , and predicted the model will reverse the division 's two-year slide in sales .
`` we 're just not getting our return on investment , '' mr. bayh argues . lines like that please the republicans who show up , sometimes rather furtively , at bayh fund-raisers . ( one gop attorney in fort wayne blanches visibly when a reporter asks him his name .
ibm has said it has received tens of thousands of orders for 9370s , and analysts generally put the number at 40,000 to 45,000. the analysts said , though , that many customers placed those orders just to get in line for an early delivery and could still withdraw the orders without penalty if the 9370 does n't seem to meet expectations .
april marked the first month when overall industry assets declined since december 1983. bb & k 's mr. biehl concedes that the line dividing diversa fund clients and the newsletter subscribers is already fuzzy .
audi blames the reversal on the negative publicity surrounding the series 5000 's alleged problems with sudden acceleration . it affected not only that car , but every other car in the company 's line .
but longer term , the stripped-down model should `` generate more business for big machines . `` the model 14se is a single-processor version of the cray x-mp line and comes with four million words of memory , equivalent to about 34,000 kilobytes .
vitro 's technological bent is a legacy of adrian sada sr. , an eminently practical engineer who remains the group 's chairman . once , at a product presentation for vitro 's refrigerator line , visitors were taken aback when the chairman rolled up his sleeves , opened a toolbox and repaired a faulty unit .
sex , seduction and sure-fire story stuff . get the hell off the line so i can start calling the newspapers !
we should consider setting up special camps in our more underpopulated states such as wyoming or montana , where noncontributing segments of the population can perform useful work . . . `` another letter sniffs `` as viewed from the other , presumably greener , side of the line , i can assure you it is impossible to obtain the services of a competent housekeeper .
the best way to experience the `` sculpture project '' is with a good pair of walking shoes , plenty of time , and a copy of the moderately priced , bilingual guide sold by the westphalian landesmuseum ( conveniently situated just across from the cathedral , where the treasure hunt starts ) . in munster , too , the line between art and non-art is often less than clear .
the state panel confirmed an earlier ruling that determined the services to be in the public interest . in addition , it ordered pacific telesis group inc. 's pacific bell unit and gte corp. 's general telephone co. of california unit to continue efforts to find an inexpensive way to block access to 976 programs from their telephone lines .
later i spoke to georges , pointing out that on this voyage no one was obliged to clean up after anyone else . shortly afterward georges ' fishing tackle , tape recorder and dirty clothes had been picked off the deck and cabin roof , and he and carlo began hauling on the same line together .
scimed also said that it and certain of its stockholders have granted bristol-myers options to buy more than 50 % of all authorized shares at $ 29.25 a share . scimed , which designs , makes and markets disposable medical products used to treat cardiovascular disease , recently introduced a line of coronary balloon angioplasty catheters to widen obstructed coronary arteries , facilitating blood flow .
capital spending will total about $ 34 million in the current fiscal year as the company continues to upgrade plants . in fiscal 1989 , capital outlays totaled $ 51 million , with $ 11 million going to sharply expand production of oat bran at its cedar rapids , iowa , plant , and another sizable amount to launch a line of microwave chili and other entrees in single-serving packs .
`` they 're also going to be searching for the intangibles inherent in a premium quality brand . `` mazda officials said they are studying the feasibility of adding a luxury car sales division in the u.s. similar to toyota 's lexus and nissan 's infiniti car lines .
and , as in the good old days , people will be able to listen in on conversations from other extensions -- but only within the same household . while any one of the lines is in use , neither incoming nor outgoing calls can be made on the other extensions that are part of the service . ring master costs about $ 4 a month for one additional number , and bellsouth will promote it as an inexpensive alternative to separate lines , for which the monthly fee totals $ 12 to $ 20 , depending on geographical location .
by last april , when mr. clausen took his first week off , his fast pace had scared off his first administrative assistant and run others ragged . `` the man has an iron will , '' says an official once stranded with him in a three-hour reception line at a convention -- without a bathroom break .
basketball junkies can slam dunk their dirty clothes through a hoop into an nba hamper . the nfl is considering a line of high-fashion evening wear .
bayly , which manufactures jeans and leisure wear , said it purchased the shares from two outside investors for an undisclosed cash payment at closing and an additional undisclosed sum to be paid over a three-year period . bayly has had a licensing agreement with closely held , seattle-based chutes for the `` code bleu '' line since june 1984 .
< p > @ donnkenny inc. was betting lightning would strike again when it put the name of diane von furstenberg , the jet-set socialite who had a hot designer label in the 1970s , on a line of dresses earlier this year .
j. kendrick noble jr. , analyst with painewebber inc. , notes that map companies have become more aggressive in marketing their products as premiums since the mid-1970s , when oil companies , one of the industry 's largest clients , stopped giving away road map atlases to attract customers . to enhance its quality image , hammond also revamped its well-known trade line of world atlases , replacing the old cloth covered book with a leather bound , gilded , thumb-indexed edition .
at maryland 's coordinating center , about 60 % of the clients are single parents , often poor , young , inner-city women . prematurity and disease reach across class lines to the best and the worst of mothers , but a poor mother is at least twice as likely to have a baby born with low birthweight -- the babies at much higher risk of problems such as mental retardation , chronic lung ailments , blindness and deafness .
i was beginning to get the distinct impression that brother allen did not like me . then he bustled out of the box , jerked his head over his shoulder at the phone and said `` my business manager is on the line .
europa eyewear corp. sells 22-karat gold frames for around $ 250 , `` good for clinching that wall street deal . `` customers want `` different glasses for boating than for skiing , '' says a marketer for allegra inc. 's ziari line of sunglasses .
`` home shopping is quick , clean ( and ) painless , '' says the roper study . `` no long lines .
`` this is nothing more than puffery , though i may be surprised tomorrow morning , '' he added . richard hanley , an independent analyst in new york , said that price discounts on the old hoover line and other costs of the model changeover will depress first-quarter results .
as we develop more sophisticated and expensive medications , azt will be remembered as a bargain . where do we draw the line ?
but he said it is n't seeking to bring in an executive `` to head up the firm . `` lord geller has handled both corporate and product advertising for ibm , and is perhaps best-known for the charlie chaplin campaign it created for ibm 's personal computer line .
the men were to swim down to the hole in the hull and push the corks through it so they would bob to the surface inside the ship . there , other men would grasp the lines attached to the corks .
some families rig old automobile batteries to an underwater light . the fish , attracted by the light , bite the pieces of raw shrimp bait on the hooks dangling from the lines of the fishing poles .
wall street sources say odyssey holds just under 5 % of amfac , though it has n't bought shares since late 1986. odyssey is among the investment firms newly blurring the line between management-endorsed leveraged buy-outs and hostile takeover transactions .
with a wild scream he dived into the shark-filled waters . but his partner had enough strength to drag him back and then to grab burke 's line .
`` and now something that is a part of all of our lives ... a message from the sponsor , `` kupcinet said to the camera . he smiled until the red light went out , then immediately turned and picked up a telephone with `` kup `` printed on the dial , his line to the control booth .
the company , taken private last year by its management and merrill lynch , also concerns analysts . public documents indicate that the company 's earnings are far behind projections , largely because of continuing softness in the trailer and container businesses -- its principal lines .
executives at k mart corp. were surprised last year when martha stewart , an author of books on lavish cooking and entertaining , showed them she could set an elegant table from items sold at the company 's discount stores . `` we could n't believe it was our merchandise , '' recalls michael wellman , the company 's vice president of marketing , who is now working with mrs. stewart to develop an exclusive line of household goods for k mart .
although agriculture department officials thought they could n't prove richco was such an alter ego , according to mr. glickman , they still concluded that they had legal grounds for suspending richco because the company is under mr. rich 's control . in investigating richco 's capitalization , added gregory frazier , a glickman aide , `` they traced the line of ownership back through marc rich & co. to rich himself . ''
mr. buckner said eta could produce perhaps $ 60 million in revenue this year , but probably no profit before 1989. despite intense competitive pressures on the company 's mainframe and data-storage products businesses , mr. price said control data intends to retain both lines .
nevertheless , with profit margins higher on upscale than mainstream store brands , many chains are following suit . a & p got into the act this summer when it started rolling out a line of jams , pastas and other foodstuffs called master choice , an effort to fill what the company sees as a price gap between costly imported brands and mass-market national lines .
< p > @ energy conversion devices inc. said its optical memory-storage technology is being used by international business machines corp. in a new line of personal computers .
your aug. 17 editorial page contained `` the poem heard round the world , '' with richard f. barrett 's comment on edwin markham 's poem `` the man with a hoe , '' inspired by millet 's painting . the theme is in these stirring lines
the biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day . vanguard group inc. saw heavy exchanges from stock funds into money market funds after the telephone lines opened at 8:30 a.m .
then the doctor pricks up her ears ; clearly , here is evidence of a serious disorder . and the same line is quoted in this week 's tv guide article about blair brown , the actress who plays molly , as evidence of the contrast between the fictional molly and the real-life ms. brown .
the oslo-based computer maker earlier this month slashed its estimate of 1987 's pretax earnings to half the 475 million kroner ( $ 74.8 million ) posted for 1986. norsk data intends to widen the international market share of its successful line of integrated newspaper and publishing systems .
playtex family makes playtex tampons , disposable nursers , gloves and tek toothbrushes . the hair-care unit , jhirmack inc. , makes a line of hair-care products sold in salons and pharmacies .
the car wo n't go on sale until may , so chevy officials did n't say much about it . but they did say that the lumina name will go on a line of vehicles -- including a coupe and a sleekly styled , plastic-body minivan -- that they expect will be one of the division 's most popular vehicles in the 1990s .
`` but it was a little longer than that , though at last they were there a farm and its farmyard , lightless . the stranger stopped the horse and handed picklock the lines .
the price increases come at a time when chrysler has alleged that japanese auto makers are `` dumping '' vehicles in the u.s. market at prices below cost . last week at the chicago auto show , gerald greenwald , chairman of chrysler 's chrysler motors corp. unit , defended the company against critics who said that chrysler was also dumping its own import line in the u.s. market .
the fcc now says 8 p.m. is the time that is all right to begin airing indecent material because children are n't likely listening in great numbers . earlier , the agency set the decency line at midnight , but an appeals court rejected that time as too restrictive . `` you have to draw some lines , '' said robert pettit , the fcc 's general counsel .
mr. ramey says the biggest risk is that hormel wo n't have enough advertising dollars to put behind its new ideas . but he believes the canned meat lines , having served as a cash cow to finance product development , can support those outlays as well .
sales leaped to 1.5 million cases by 1987 , with proprietor 's reserve chardonnay leading the pack . in fact , the success of the proprietor 's reserve line adversely affected sales of glen ellen 's estate wines , barrel-aged chardonnay , sauvignon blanc , and cabernet sauvignon that were sold mostly to restaurants .
mary and philip robertson have sent a postcard from italy to their three shih tzus . `` dear nanky-poo , yum-yum and tu ling , '' the card says , `` we are having a splendid time , but as always , miss you guys . `` ( some clients telephone to talk to their dogs , but ms. katz jokingly tells them that the pets are `` on another line . '' )
mr. boesky -- whose prep-school education presumably included an introduction to greek and shakespearean tragedies -- may have been less surprised than others by his own downfall . perhaps he remembered the line from shakespeare 's `` henry viii '' '' cromwell , i charge thee , fling away ambition , by that sin fell the angels . ''
the agreement marks a significant move by digital , the second-largest u.s. computer maker , repeatedly faulted when it has tried to sell its own personal computers . tandy , based in fort worth , texas , manufactures a broad line of computers that are compatible with those made by international business machines corp. , and it sells them through its radio shack stores .
sears also will develop a disney brand of merchandise . sears 's line of winnie-the-pooh clothes and accessories , developed under a previous 22-year-old exclusive licensing agreement with disney , has generated sales of more than $ 1 billion in the past decade , the company said .
that 's right , israeli . this spring , americans will get their first taste of a line of 25 gourmet food and beverage products made by several different companies in israel but all marketed under the newly created brand name betavon .
miss eustis has a somewhat different version `` one man was drunk and had a bottle of brandy in his pocket , which the quartermaster promptly threw overboard , and the drunken man was thrown into the bottom of the boat ... `` there was a different kind of trouble in boat 6 . friction erupted from the moment major peuchen slid down the line to fill out the crew .
mr. murdock said that his company sees the growth of dole helping to unify `` the fragmented agricultural marketing industry '' in the u.s. castle & cooke will retain the morrow and house of almonds names , he said , and will review tenneco 's other lines to determine which will be changed to the dole name .
duncan hines 's `` flavor was never as good as it should 've been , '' says gordon tucker , a former p & g brand manager who helped develop the cookies . while he asserts that p & g was hurt by competitors copying the technology , he adds that p & g simply got beat because nabisco `` moved very fast '' and introduced a full line of cookies .
when east germans erected the berlin wall in 1961 , the social democrats ' willy brandt , then berlin 's mayor , compared their action with the creation of a nazi-style concentration camp . but today many social democrats are welcoming gorbachev socialism with a line that sounds , to american ears , as if it were written from moscow .
< p > @ chips & technologies inc. said international business machines corp. agreed not to require the microcomputer chip maker to take out licenses of ibm patents and technology for its chip sets used in clones of ibm 's line of personal computers .
for some , that means offering bigger-ticket items , such as a $ 295,000 lynx coat . for others , it means selling x-rated products , including a line of anatomically shaped chocolates .
< p > @ the fed 's decision to give three big banks limited authority to deal in securities through subsidiaries further blurs the legal line between commercial and investment banking .
the language would extend this prohibition to the 20 % of domestic flights that are n't currently covered by the no-smoking rule . the same long-distance traffic accounts for a larger share -- more than a third -- of total airline passengers , and tobacco allies had hoped to draw the line at two hours .
c. olivetti & co. mr. cassoni 's last official act as at & t 's computer chief was to give a speech promoting at & t 's unix operating system at an industry conference here . because at & t has acknowledged that software and services will command higher profit margins in the future than manufactured hardware , a number of analysts have speculated that at & t may contract out the manufacture of its next line of minicomputers .
the switchboard operator said , `` i 'll connect you with his secretary . `` a moment later elsie was on the line .
chemical has a major acquisition pending of horizon bancorp. , new jersey 's fifth-largest bank holding company . by deciding to sell its cleveland-based chemical financial services corp. unit , chemical is signaling its desire to have a full-service retail banking presence in the regions where it does business , not merely one line of service , analysts said .
more recently , marks & spencer plc , britain 's largest retailer , paid what mr. ashcroft suggests could be a backhanded tribute to coloroll . marks & spencer is trying to extend its st. michael in-house brand to a recently created line of home furnishings .
partly because he was distracted by his e-ii role , mr. kelly has had trouble peddling the whole company . the most likely spin-off candidates are the swift meat lines and tropicana juices , analysts said .
black and white generic goods are dying . in one sign of the times , retailers are replacing them with a new breed of products that falls between the old generics and mainstream store lines .
and do n't phone me . if he finds the line busy , he might decide just promise me you wo n't talk to that agent , or the police , or anyone . ``
so far , his energy and aggressive stance have surprised critics and earned favorable reviews at home . virginia 's voters are much on sen. trible 's mind ; up for reelection next year , he is walking a line between loyalty to the president and the new independence he needs to survive .
coca-cola has gone from a single product to what its maker now calls an `` umbrella brand , '' with permutations that include coca-cola classic and diet cherry coke , each aimed at a different type of consumer . hartmarx has expanded the three basic suit styles in its hart schaffner & marx line to 15 .
a hotline service operated by the institute of securities market development handles complaints from investors . in recent weeks , as many as one thousand callers a day have clogged the lines just to `` let off steam , '' says leon hu , president of the government-sponsored agency .
< p > @ hyundai motor america said it raised the base price on its excel subcompact car line an average of 2.1 % .
on the way to work one morning , he stops at the building to tell mr. arkhipov `` do n't forget the drains today . `` back in his office , the line of people waiting to see him has dwindled , so mr. goncharov stops in to see the mayor , yuri khivrich .
indeed , jeep customers have long disdained the cars offered by amc and regie nationale des usines renault , the french auto maker that owned more than 40 % of amc before the chrysler purchase . now the eagle car line consists mainly of leftover renault models and the discontinued amc eagle four-wheel-drive car .
talley also said it may pay additional stock and cash if mcmullen achieves certain earnings over the next five years . talley said the purchase is part of its previously announced restructuring plan to focus on government contracting , electronic parts and technical services , and sell its slow-growing consumer lines .
vast stretches of previously uninhabited wilderness in such states as mato grosso , and even amazon , have been transformed into some of the most productive farms in the world . and the industrial giants of sao paulo today successfully compete on an international level and occasionally pioneer advanced equipment , such as embraer 's successful airline-manufacturing line .
american home does n't produce contraceptive sponges or condoms , and its two oral contraceptives are facing increased competition from generics . vli earlier this month introduced a line of condoms .
chrysler 's acquisition last summer of american motors corp. also contributed to the change in plans for jefferson avenue , a company spokesman said . originally , chrysler planned to replace the current k-car line at jefferson with another model , and later shift the plant to light truck production , the spokesman said .
nice , clean american kids will be free of this foreign imposed evil . the mexican who writes these lines has been accused of being a gringo lover .
in france the best athletes have jobs at which they do little or no work , in order to permit them to concentrate on training . even australia , one of the few nations that still hold a firm line between amateurism and professionalism , sends its team to camp for an extended pre-olympic period .
sheer indulgence will be sold in food , drug and discount stores and will be promoted as `` department-store quality at affordable prices . `` the line is priced between $ 2.25 to $ 4.40 , which kayser-roth says puts it about 20 % above such mass-marketed pantyhose brands as its own no nonsense and sara lee corp. 's l'eggs , but about 20 % less than sara lee 's hanes and other department-store brands .
turbine services parts made from the drawings , valued by ge at about $ 6 million , must be locked up in a bonded warehouse for five years . and turbine services is prohibited from dealing in parts for several lines of gas turbines for five to 10 years .
< p > @ digital equipment corp. pulled the plug on its slow-selling rainbow line of personal computers .
they move there for an hour and wash clean and white . fujima-san pulls in the line .
`` the past few months have been a difficult period for the company , '' mr. kingsborough said . `` nonetheless , we are encouraged by retailer and consumer reaction to both our continuing lines and to the new products we introduced for this christmas season .
the japanese , meanwhile , are emphasizing luxury cars with hot engines and prices under $ 30,000 . nissan motor co. and toyota motor co. plan to unveil new luxury lines in 1989 .
although the risks mr. canion faces are big , so are the potential benefits . `` compaq would be the big winner '' if the effort succeeds , says charles wolf , an analyst at first boston corp. notably bearish on compaq after ibm introduced the ps/2 line , he now views the company 's outlook as bright `` with their distribution and marketing , they would be the high-end leader in the marketplace .
`` the two men hauled on the fish . it dragged yards of line into the water , but they gradually drew it back .
a warhol calendar is in the works , but mr. schlaifer also envisions warhol posters , note cards , bathmats , shopping bags , ties , handbags and scarfs . there are talks with bloomingdale 's about a housewares line .
currently a $ 300 million-a-year business , 900 telephone service is expected to hit $ 500 million next year and near $ 2 billion by 1992 as uses for the service continue to expand , says joel gross of donaldson , lufkin & jenrette inc. the service -- which costs the caller from 30 cents to $ 25 a minute -- currently is dominated by celebrity chatter , horoscopes and romance lines .
the distribution chains are long , the prices are high and supermarkets are reluctant to handle highly perishable items . `` in the u.s. , there really is n't a well-organized refrigerated trucking and warehouse system -- how will they find the distribution capability to support their kings stores with the st. michael line ? `` asks willard bishop , a supermarket consultant .
ibm has already prepared the market for a new , low-end personal computer . it said earlier this year it intended to bring out a low-cost ps/2 built around intel corp. 's 80286 chip , which is currently at the heart of the machines in the middle of the ps/2 line .
`` i 've got a call for you from dr. laden . he 's on the line .
the chain quibbles with the way the ad is promoted on the cover , which says `` free condom inside '' in prominent type . `` spin 's intentions may be honorable , '' a waldenbooks official says , `` but the way the cover line is presented , it appears as though they 're using the feature of the free condom to sell the magazine . ''
the judge 's opinion said one reason for his leaving was distress over the company 's failure to correct problems with the machine . defective equipment and a high rate of returns in the housekeeper and housekeeper plus lines have apparently contributed to regina 's recent financial problems .
some of the add-ons , however , are likely to be expensive . still , as consumers try to decide whether to spend $ 5,000 or more for the most powerful of ibm 's new ps/2 line , interest in the aftermarket is likely to grow .
twelve air-traffic `` flow control '' centers in europe coordinate these crisis-control actions by telex or telephone . flowcontrol units in london , paris , madrid , rome and frankfurt , west germany , soon will be linked with special teleconference circuits so they wo n't have to rely on telephone lines , which often are busy .
the 1988 taurus and sable models are n't affected because their gas tanks are of a different design , the spokesman said . this is the latest in a series of quality embarrassments to hit the taurus-sable line , launched in the 1986 model year .
the projection includes several expected one-time transactions . profit from continuing lines will rise about 50 % .
competitors say revlon 's sales staff was unable to master the vast array of products they were expected to push . and the attempt to sell customers more than one cosmetics line per visit undermined efforts to build brand loyalty . `` consumers buy different pieces from different lines , '' said a marketing executive at one competitor .
it aims to keep up that growth by adding new businesses to mature ones . for instance , nestle in recent years has built its ground-coffee lines through costly acquisitions and new products .
the additional products in the agreement consist of a line of hand soaps and soap dispensers sold under the boraxo and luron names for the medical market , and a hand cleaner line for the automotive market , greyhound said . a spokeswoman for greyhound said the negotiations to buy the consumer and industrial lines of the u.s. borax 20 mule team division were handled separately , but that the purchases are expected to close at the same time .
the increase was primarily fueled by ibm 's large mainframe computers , analysts said . sales sputtered earlier in the quarter , largely because customers were scrutinizing ibm 's january introduction of two new models and price cuts in its so-called sierra mainframe line . `` ( we ) began to gain momentum and had an excellent march , '' an ibm spokesman said .
mr. lewis apparently has ready buyers for some of his new beatrice european operations . certain co-owners of those international lines -- such as the ballve family of madrid , who sold beatrice an interest in their campofrio meat concern in 1977 -- have been trying to persuade beatrice 's mr. kelly to let them repurchase their stakes , according to the ballves ' attorney .
`` the tank lynn was referring to was in the deepest of the shadows , but they could all make out several shapes moving to and fro in the turgid waters . `` one more it is , `` agreed sally , and she turned the line over to lynn .
the spokesman said that noxell has told the company that the clarion products will be repackaged and further promoted . `` we are going to stay with the line because noxell has historically been a good vendor for us , '' he added .
ms. keeton says her marketing department designed the ad , but she was the one who made the decision to sustain the suspense throughout the ad . originally , she says , the first line of the ad was , `` of course she 's not really 70 . ''
it also claimed to have scored a market share victory in the intensifying orange juice wars . tropicana , a unit of seagram co. , brought suit against atlanta-based coca-cola over a line used in advertising for coca-cola 's new minute maid premium choice orange juice that described the pasteurized product as `` orange juice straight from the orange . ''
even treasury secretary james baker has admitted publicly that items such as the medicare proposal come under the rubric of tax increases . pressed , mr. miller concedes that the line between taxes and user charges is a bit fuzzy .
in a warmly received speech that seemingly sought to distance him from reagan administration civil-rights policies , mr. bush outlined what he called a `` positive civil-rights agenda , '' and promised to have `` minority men and women of excellence as full-scale partners '' during his presidency . one winning line from that speech `` whenever racism rears its ugly head -- howard beach , forsyth county , wherever -- we must be there to cut it off . ''
